,Unnamed: 0,ID,Date,State,City/County,Address,Killed,Injured,Source,Text
0,1,269679,"December 27, 2014",California,Los Angeles,8800 block of South Figueroa Street,1,3,http://ktla.com/2014/12/27/south-l-a-shooting-leaves-1-dead-3-wounded/,"KTLAby:John A. Moreno(Credit: KTLA)A shooting in the Vermont Vista neighborhood of South Los Angeles on Saturday left one man dead and three other people wounded, police said.The incident happened about 4:20 p.m. in the 8800 block of South Figueroa Street (map), where one female and three male victims were struck by gunfire, said Sgt. John Gregozek of the Los Angeles Police Department’s Southeast Division.One of the victims, a 26-year-old man, died at the scene, according to Gregozek. Two of the injured — one male and one female — were transported to hospitals in unknown condition.The fourth victim, a male who likely suffered a graze wound, was treated at the scene and released, the LAPD said.Police described the shooter or shooters as one or two black men.It was unknown whether the incident was gang related, Gregozek said.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.Los Angeles County is expecting an uptick in its supply of COVID-19 vaccines this week, providing a welcome boost to the region’s inoculation efforts.The county’s latest allocation, pegged at approximately 362,000 doses, is up nearly 39,000 from last week, according to the Department of Public Health.As the nation awaits a verdict in Derek Chauvin’s murder trial Monday, community activists are showing support for Los Angeles County District Attorney George Gascon’s criminal justice reform efforts.Wendy Burch reports for the KTLA 5 News at 6 on April 19, 2021.A 42-year-old Fillmore man was arrested after deputies found weapons in his residence during a wellness check, officials said Monday.Deputies received a call Friday saying Scott Vargen had been ""acting and talking in a bizarre manner,"" the Ventura County Sheriff's Office said in a news release. The reporting party told the Sheriff's Office they were concerned about Vargen's mental health and well being."
1,4,268598,"December 24, 2014",Missouri,Saint Louis,18th and Pine,1,3,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/two-men-responsible-for-quadruple-shooting-st-louis-police-say/article_43ba9dda-df30-5910-8c59-8168d653ec85.html,"ST. LOUIS•   Police on Thursday released more details about the Christmas Eve shooting downtown that left one man dead and three wounded.The man found shot to death in the street near the 7-Eleven in the 200 block of North 17th Street was Christopher Johnson, 20, of St. Louis. He was shot in the chest and pronounced dead at the scene.He was shot when two men got out of a car in the 1600 block of Olive Street about 5:30 p.m. and opened fire on the four victims, who were all near each other.Two men were critically wounded – a man, 54, was shot in the face and another man, 32, was shot in the chest.Another man, 35, was shot in the buttocks. He was expected to survive.The 7-Eleven was closed on Thursday. A sign on the door said it would re-open at 11 p.m.No arrests had been made.Johnson lived inthe 4400 block of Bircher Boulevard in St. Louis, police said.Editor's note: This story has been revised to reflect that while one shooting victim died in the 200 block of North 17th Street, police say the shooting occurred in the 1600 block of Olive Street.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Also, in a rare sign of agreement, the council unanimously opposed any more money for the Loop Trolley.Also, in a rare sign of agreement, the council unanimously opposed any more money for the Loop Trolley.Silas Smith, 29, died at a hospital after being thrown from a vehicle in the crash Monday morning near North Broadway and East Taylor Avenue.Silas Smith, 29, died at a hospital after being thrown from a vehicle in the crash Monday morning near North Broadway and East Taylor Avenue.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
2,6,268282,"December 22, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Charlevoix and Philip,1,3,http://www.wxyz.com/news/region/wayne-county/family-and-friends-hold-prayer-service-to-remember-paige-stalker-on-1st-anniversary-of-her-murder,"MenuTwo families ripped devastated by the murders of their loved ones came together for a memorial service.Family and police are still pleading for tips, while praying for one another.Inside a Grosse Pointe Park home, a prayer service was held to celebrate the life of Paige Stalker.The 16-year-old honor student at University Liggett was gunned down in Detroit last December 22nd.To this day, no one has been arrested for her murder, despite a reward of more than $162,000.Paige's family has also become close with the family of Christina Samuel, a 22-year-old college graduate and aspiring law student killed just days after Paige.There's also been no arrest for Christina’s murder - despite numerous tips.What has happened is an outpouring of support from the community, including two separate scholarships in Paige’s name through Beaumont Hospital and her old school.A park will also be dedicated in memory of both girls, along the border of Detroit and Grosse Pointe Park.Tonight night at 11, the family of Christina Samuel opens up in an emotional interview you'll see only on 7.News"
3,7,282186,"December 22, 2014",New York,Webster,191 Lake Rd,4,2,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2254451/William-Spengler-shooting-Woman-24-bought-firearms-gunman-Christmas-Eve-firefighter-ambush.html,"ByHelen PowPublished:18:48 EDT, 28 December 2012|Updated:22:06 EDT, 28 December 201211ViewcommentsA 24-year-old woman has been arrested for buying the assault rifle used to murder two innocent firefighters on Christmas Eve, on behalf of the killer.Dawn Nguyen of Rochester, New York, was a former neighbor of William Spengler, 62, who shot dead firefighters Michael Chiapperini and Tomasz Kaczowka in a shocking ambush as they responded to a house fire he started early Monday morning.Three other people were wounded before Spengler killed himself.According to police, Nguyen purchased the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle and a 12-gauge shotgun on behalf of Spengler,a convicted felon who was barred from possessing weapons,on June 6, 2010.Accessory: Nguyen is pictured after her arrest on charges connected to the guns used in the Christmas Eve ambush slaying of two volunteer firefightersSpengler is believed to have picked out the weapons himself at a firearm store in Henrietta, New York.The young woman faces a federal charge of knowingly making a false statement, U.S. Attorney William Hochul said, and is also charged with a state count of filing a falsified business record.The gunman also had a .38-caliber revolver in his possession on the day of the shootings, but Nguyen is not connected to that gun. Police used the serial numbers on the weapons to trace them to Nguyen.Killer: William Spengler had previously served 17 years in prison for killing his elderly grandmother'She told the seller of these guns, Gander Mountain in Henrietta, N.Y., that she was to be the true owner and buyer of the guns instead of William Spengler,' Hochul said.'It is absolutely against federal law to provide any materially false information related to the acquisition of firearms.'During an interview late on Christmas Eve, Nguyen told police she had bought the guns for personal protection and that they were stolen from her vehicle, though she never reported the guns stolen.The day after the shootings, however, Nguyen texted an off-duty Monroe County Sheriff's deputy with references to the killings and later admitted to him that she bought the guns for Spengler.Police said that information was consistent with a suicide note found near Spengler's body after he killed himself.The .223-caliber Bushmaster rifle, which had a combat-style flash suppressor, is similar to the one Adam Lanza used to shoot dead 20 children and six female staff at Sandy Hook Elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, earlier this month.Nguyen and her mother, Dawn Welsher, lived next door to Spengler in 2008 - when Nguyen was just 20 years old.On Wednesday and again on Friday, shortly before her arrest, she answered her cellphone and told The Associated Press that she didn't want to talk about Spengler.Her brother, Steven Nguyen, told the Democrat and Chronicle newspaper of Rochester that Spengler stole the guns from Dawn Nguyen.Bushmaster: Nguyen allegedly bought the Bushmaster rifle, pictured, for William Spengler and he used it to shoot two firefightersHome: Dawn Nguyen was arrested at her home, pictured, at 249 Alpine Road in Rochester, New YorkSpengler set a car on fire and touched off an inferno in his Webster home on a strip of land along the Lake Ontario shore, took up a sniper's position and opened fire on the first firefighters to arrive at about 5:30am on Christmas Eve, authorities said. He wounded two other firefighters and an off-duty police officer who was on his way to work.A Webster police officer who had accompanied the firefighters shot back at Spengler with a rifle in a brief exchange of gunfire before the gunman killed himself.Spengler spent 17 years in prison for killing his grandmother in 1980. His neighbors said he confessed his criminal past within 15 minutes of them meeting, and even pointed to the staircase where he committed the crime.'He said, ""I was on drugs and I wanted money for drugs and my grandmother wouldn't give it to me,""' Amy Warner, who bought the cottage next to Spengler's home with her boyfriend this summer, toldNew York Magazine.She said they tore out the staircase 'because it was creepy,' but didn't think twice about buying the house because Spengler had served his time.Her home was one of seven destroyed by the fire Spengler started.Trap: This billowing inferno in Webster, New York, was lit by William Spengler, before he opened fire on the firefighters who responded to the blazeBrave: Webster police Lieutenant Mike Chiapperini (left) and Tomasz Kaczowka, (right) a 911 dispatcher, both volunteered for the West Webster Fire Department. They were gunned down on Monday morningBurning: A bystander watches while seven homes in a street in Webster, New York, burnedInvestigators still haven't released the identity of remains found in William Spengler's burned house.They have said they believe the remains are those of his 67-year-old sister, Cheryl Spengler, who also lived in the house near Rochester and has been unaccounted for since the killings.The Spengler siblings had lived in the home with their mother, Arline Spengler, who died in October. Police found a rambling, typed letter laying out Spengler's intention to destroy his neighborhood and 'do what I like doing best, killing people.'He had been released from parole in 2006 on the manslaughter conviction, and authorities said they had had no encounters with him since.Nguyen faces a maximum penalty of 10 years imprisonment, a fine of $250,000 or both.Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
4,8,267721,"December 22, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,5700 block of South Green Street,0,5,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20141223/englewood/englewood-shooting-leaves-five-teens-wounded,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Five teens were hospitalized after a shooting Monday night in Englewood.Around 9:40 p.m., the group was standing on the sidewalk in the 5700 block of South Green Street when someone opened fire from a green minivan, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.A 17-year-old girl was shot in gthe chest, another 17-year-old girl was grazed in the abdomen and a 16-year-old girl was shot in the left foot. They were all taken to Stroger Hospital, Sedevic said.A 16-year-old boy was shot in the right leg and another 16-year-old boy was shot in the right leg and right hand. They were both taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, Sedevic said.All the teens were listed in stable condition, Sedevic said.No one is in custody for the shooting, which appears to be gang related, Sedevic said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
5,9,266570,"December 21, 2014",Florida,Sarasota,4034 N Washington Blvd,2,2,https://patch.com/florida/bradenton/bradenton-man-killed-sarasota-bar-shooting-0,"Two people are dead and three others wounded following a shooting at Kay's Lounge in Sarasota early Sunday morning.According to the Sarasota County Sheriff's Office, the incident occurred around 1:20 a.m. at the 4034 N. Washington Blvd. bar.Deputies say Todd Thompson, 24, of Bradenton and Vincent Dipina, 26, of Sarasota were both killed. Terrell Harris, 23, and Takila Hayes, 26, both sustained non-life-threatening injuries. A fifth victim suffered injuries from broken glass while trying to assist those who had been shot. Deputies have no released that person's identity.The three male victims were found initially and were airlifted to a trauma center, the sheriff's office said in an email to media. The fourth victim, a woman, drove herself to Sarasota Memorial Hospital.Deputies have not released suspect information at this time, but ask that anyone who has information about the crime call 941-861-4900. Anonymous tips may also be submitted by contacting Crime Stoppers at 941-366-TIPS or online atwww.sarasotacrimestoppers.com.Image via ShutterstockTo request removal of your name from an arrest report, submitthese required itemstoarrestreports@patch.com."
6,10,268910,"December 21, 2014",Mississippi,Waynesboro,Central Avenue,1,4,http://www.wdam.com/story/27682998/1-dead-4-injured-in-nightclub-shooting,"WAYNESBORO, MS (WDAM) -Copyright 2014 WDAM. All rights reserved2362 U.S. Hwy 11 MoselleMoselle, MS 39459(800) 844-9326A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
7,12,266407,"December 20, 2014",Illinois,Rockford,3200 block of Montrose Avenue,4,0,https://www.rrstar.com/story/news/2020/12/26/rockford-quadruple-homicide-victims-mother-finds-peace-forgiveness/4028050001/,"ROCKFORD — Six years after a Rockford woman tragically lost her daughter and two grandsons in a quadruple homicide, she says she's chosen to forgive the killer.“By the grace of God, he has given me peace,” said Rolanda Collins, who spent the anniversary of their death last weekend surrounded by family. There was no special memorial or tribute, just a place of love, she said.Collins' daughter, Martia Flint, was at home with her two sons, Tyrone Smith III, 6, and Tobias K. Smith, 4, and her boyfriend, Demontae Rhodes, on Dec. 20, 2014, when all four were shot to death.Calvin L. Carter, 28, who has ties to Rockford and the St. Louis area, was convicted of the killings and sentenced to four life terms plus 280 years in prison.More:‘They deserve to be celebrated’: Hundreds mourn loss of slain Rockford familyMore:Calvin Carter sentenced to four life terms plus 280 years for killing 4Since the trialended in 2017, Collins has relocated to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where she has joined World Outreach and Bible Training Center. Her new church home has provided support and comfort over the years, and that's where she found the strength to forgive Carter.“There’s a group at the church called the Healing Clinic. I ended up going there one day because I needed healing. It was imparted to me that I needed to forgive my daughter’s murderer in order to become free.“I decreed and declared, ‘I forgive you Calvin Carter, for what you took from me, for what you did to my daughter and my grandchildren.’ I said it and I said it from my heart. My life has not been the same since. I have found so much peace and I’ve developed a deeper level with Christ.”She’s gotten involved with church organizations that work in the community.“Being a victim of domestic violence myself and suffering the loss of my family members and loved ones, I’ve made it a priority [to help] other families who are deemed high risk due to domestic violence. It’s as prevalent here as in Rockford.”Within the last year, Collins has also started journaling.A Mother’s Prayerwas formed in 2015 with a mission of neutralizing violence, restoring hope in the community and transforming youths’ minds. It was founded based on Collins' tragedy and loss, but since her move, it’s been dormant.That’s about to change.She's relaunching A Mother's Prayer in Wisconsin to help women in abusive relationships. Collins said she was once in one and then after learning about her daughter’s relationship, she felt called to be a resource for other victims.“We’re looking for a building to house people or assist people who are in need of transitional housing or a safe house,” she said.The organization will also help them obtain an order of protection.She wants other women to know their value and self-worth.“I want to encourage them and build them up,” she said.If a woman finds herself in a domestic violence situation, Collins said the first step is for them to ask themselves ‘Who am I?’ so they can acknowledge their self-worth. From there, they must seek help from loved ones.“One thing my daughter didn’t do is she didn’t tell me, she told everybody else but me,” she said. “What hurts me more than anything is my daughter didn’t give me the opportunity to help her.”Collins encourages women to get to a safe place.“Once there, you can take action,” she said. “There is nothing anyone can (do to) justify why they put their hands on you or demean your character.”A Mother’s Prayer is Collins' way of keeping her daughter’s legacy alive.“Because he got sentenced to life, that equals justice for some, but it doesn’t for me,” she said. “I’m sure the Rhodes family would agree. That doesn’t equal justice for us. That doesn’t bring our children back. That doesn’t make us feel better.“I still get angry at times, but when I look at A Mother’s Prayer and what’s about to be birthed and transpire I know there’s a platform God is escalating me to so I can help others who are victims of a violent crime such as this.”A Mother’s Prayer is seeking sponsors and is collecting donations such as winter clothes for women, coats, boots and more. People can call her at 414-544-3791 or email atCollinsrolanda@icloud.comto schedule a drop-off. All messages will be returnedwithin 24 hours, she said.Cash donations can be sent via Cash App $UniqueStyles713.Andrea V. Watson:awatson@rrstar.com;@andreavwatson12"
8,13,264901,"December 16, 2014",New Jersey,Elizabeth,Anna Street,0,4,http://7online.com/news/police-investigating-after-4-shot-outside-elizabeth-teen-center/439715/,"WATCHLIVEBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.The Countdown: Biden faces added pressure on immigration, Cuomo under fire over bookMurder case against ex-cop in George Floyd's death goes to juryTeachers' Union endorses Scott Stringer for NYC mayor"
9,14,263556,"December 15, 2014",Pennsylvania,Lansdale,100 block of West 5th St,7,0,http://articles.philly.com/2015-12-16/news/69065523_1_bradley-stone-ex-wife-nicole-stone,"Take a journey into the past and reminisce about great moments in Philadelphia history© 2021 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLCTerms of Use/Privacy Policy/California NoticeCalifornia residents do not sell my data request© 2021 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLCTerms of Use/Privacy Policy/California NoticeCalifornia residents do not sell my data request"
10,15,263376,"December 14, 2014",Florida,Miami,1311 Northwest 2nd Avenue,1,4,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/One-of-Five-Victims-in-Overtown-Drive-By-Shooting-Dies-Miami-Police-286224471.html,"One of the five people hospitalized aftera drive-by shooting in Overtown this past weekendhas died, police said Thursday.Julian Bryant, 22, died Wednesday night, Miami Police said.Bryant was among a group of people who were standing in front of 1311 Northwest 2nd Avenue when a black SUV drove by and someone opened fire Sunday night.Witnesses said 20-30 shots were fired. Victims ranged in age from 17 to 54.The motive for the shooting remains unknown. Police are still looking for the SUV.Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS."
11,18,259935,"December 7, 2014",Indiana,South Bend,16000 block of Roosevelt Road,0,4,http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/local/held-after-shooting-at-event-center/article_b95a82eb-adf8-5a60-8e4c-eadf6d7700d8.html,"MISHAWAKA — One man is charged with illegally carrying a handgun in connection with a shooting that injured four people after a party swelled to hundreds of people at an event center in southeastern St. Joseph County.Rodney Taylor, 34, was arrested on a single count of being a serious violent felon in possession of a handgun after police responded to gunfire at the Oaks at Southpaw Farm, 16323 Roosevelt Road, early Sunday morning.County police were still working to identify possible suspects in the shooting, Lt. Matt Blank, a spokesman, said Wednesday. He said Taylor was part of the investigation, but it was unclear if he was suspected of taking part in the gunfire.Three of the victims were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries Sunday morning, and a fourth ran away from the scene of the shooting. None of the victims had provided police with information about possible shooters.""We're getting very little cooperation,"" Blank said. ""This thing's kind of moving real slow at this point.""Terrance Shorter, 22; Armond Davis, 21; and Brandon Burton, 21, were among those injured.Police who responded to the shooting found a chaotic scene, as party-goers tried to run away before officers could secure the area. Police estimated about 500 people attended the event.Blank said management at the Oaks likely had no idea the party, which was originally billed as a much smaller event, would end in violence.""I think they're more the victim here than anything,"" he said. ""I'm quite sure they had no idea"" the event would spiral out of control.The Oaks is operated by a Christian organization called Point of Light Ministries, according to its website. The 77-acre property once belonged to former Major League Baseball pitcher Jamie Moyer, who converted the large barn into an 11,000-square-foot home. A reporter's call to the facility went unanswered Wednesday.According to court documents, the shooting Sunday broke out on the back deck of the house. Security guards may have also been involved in an altercation around the time the shooting broke out, according to the documents.Police found Taylor in an upstairs bedroom. A black-and-silver handgun was allegedly found in his pocket. He previously served time in federal prison for his role in a bank robbery, the court documents said.574-235-6480csheckler@sbtinfo.com@jcshecklerSuccess!An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.The news you need to start your day, sent weekday mornings.The day's top 5 news headlines, sent weekday evenings."
12,20,226983,"December 2, 2014",Virginia,Newport News,6128 Jefferson Ave ,0,5,http://wtkr.com/2014/12/02/update-five-men-shot-outside-of-deja-vu-restaurant-in-newport-news/,"MenuNewport News, Va. - Five people were shot during a reported fight outside Deju Vu restaurant in Newport News on Tuesday night.Newport News Police responded to the restaurant in the 6100 block of Jefferson Avenue around 8:30 p.m. after receiving calls reporting the shooting.An investigation revealed that several people were shot when a fight broke out between two groups of people.Police found out that three of the victims had arrived at a local hospital emergency room. A fourth victim was found at nearby Crittenden Middle School and transported to a local hospital.Police were later notified that a gunshot victim had also arrived at the Hampton VA Hospital before being transferred to another hospital. That person was determined to be the fifth victim in the shooting incident.All five victims are men, ages 28, 32, 42, 45, and 59. They are all being treated for non-life threatening injuries.Newport News Police Detectives say the investigation is a top priority right now. They were back out at the scene in the 6100 block of Jefferson Avenue on Tuesday morning.Investigators paid extra special attention to a black SUV. It's marked with at least two bullet holes and is parked in the same area where the victims were shot.""It was like, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom and then it was like silence, then it was like bam bam bam bam bam and then it went boom boom boom like a shotgun would make,"" said a man who heard the shooting.He was too afraid to be identified, but lives nearby. He says he was standing on his back porch when it all went down.""I seen one gentleman, he had a handgun because I could see the muzzle fire off of it, because he was shooting back at the truck,"" he says.That neighbor says there have been problems here before, but nothing like last night.If you have any information that, take action and call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP.Report a typo"
13,21,226388,"November 30, 2014",New York,Brooklyn,375 Remsen Avenue,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/gang-dispute-blamed-shooting-brooklyn-baby-shower-article-1.2029774,"The gunman who shot and wounded four people in front of a Brooklyn baby shower was in a gang beef with the baby daddy of the mother-to-be, police said.The father of the unborn child is affiliated with the Crips gang, police said.The gunman, who was still at large Monday, was believed to be acting on behalf of an opposing gang when he opened fire in front of Remsen Hall on Remsen Ave. in Brownsville on Sunday night, police said."
14,22,226534,"November 30, 2014",Tennessee,Chattanooga,2412 East 13th Street ,0,5,http://www.wrcbtv.com/story/27508990/deputies-early-morning-shooting-injures-5-people,
15,25,225830,"November 28, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1849 East Brooks Road ,0,4,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/27500884/shooting-outside-memphis-bikini-bar,"MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Memphis police officers are investigating a shooting at a bikini bar that sent four people to local hospitals on Friday morning.Police were called to Pure Passion at 1849 East Brooks Road just before 4 a.m. where multiple shots were fired in the parking lot.Two victims, ages 19 and 24, were taken to Regional Medical Center. The 19-year-old victim is in critical condition. The 24-year-old victim was shot in the leg; she is in non-critical condition.An 18-year-old victim was driven to the hospital by someone who was on the scene. A fourth victim was driven to Methodist University Hospital. He was shot in the arm and listed in non-critical condition.According to investigators, the shots were fired into a crowd from someone in a white car.Keto Brown was in his hotel room, not too far from the crime scene.""I did hear the gunshots in the hotel, but I didn't think nothing of it because in this area, it's like that sometimes,"" he said.Randy Williams, who is the club's Promoter, said the shooting happened next door rather than on their property.""There was no problem inside the club. No shooting on this parking lot,"" he said. ""Everything went good for the night.""The Thanksgiving Day shooting is not the first time Pure Passion has been in the news. In 2008, Shelby County District Attorney's Officeshut the club down for illegal drug useand drug sales following a 4-month-long investigation.The club eventually reopened.Most recently, in April 2014,a 25-year-old man was killed and another was rushed to the hospitalafter witnesses told police someone opened fire into their car.""There has been a few problems before, but recently we haven't had any problems at all,"" Williams added.If you have any information about the shooting that sent four people to hospitals, call Crime Stoppers at 901-528-CASH.Copyright 2014 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
16,27,225036,"November 26, 2014",California,San Francisco,Mission and 13th streets,0,6,http://abc7news.com/news/six-injured-two-critically-in-sf-shooting/412017/,WATCHVIDEOSSan Francisco shooting scene
17,28,224362,"November 23, 2014",Virginia,Parksley,Parksley Road,0,4,http://wtkr.com/2014/11/24/man-accused-of-shooting-four-people-inside-accomack-co-home/,"MenuAccomack County, Va. – A 23-year-old man is behind bars after officials in Accomack County say he fired at a home and shot four people inside.This happened on Parksley Road on November 23rd. Authorities were notified about the incident at 1:55 a.m.The four victims were all taken to Riverside Shore Memorial Hospital for treatment. They are considered stable at the moment.Deputies say this happened during an argument at a party. They arrested and charged 23-year-old Jaquan Cortez Portier of Hopeton who was taken into custody in Pungoteague.He has been charged with discharging  a firearm in an occupied building, aggravated malicious wounding, use of a firearm in the commission of a felony and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.He is now in the Accomack County Jail with no bond.If you have any information about this crime, please call the Accomack County Sheriff’s Office at 757-787-1131 or 757-824-5666.Report a typo"
18,29,224131,"November 23, 2014",Colorado,Denver,Federal Boulevard and 16th Avenue,1,4,http://denver.cbslocal.com/2014/11/24/man-killed-in-shooting-at-denver-bar-identified/,"DENVER (CBS4)– The identity of a man shot to death at a bar on Federal Boulevard early Sunday morning has been released.The coroner says Kevie Durham, 24, was killed in the shooting at a bar called The Beach located near Federal Boulevard and 16th Avenue.Kevie Durham performed as KL Tha General (credit: Facebook)Durham was one of five people shot during some sort of fight at the bar. The others suffered injuries that weren’t considered life-threatening.Durham was an up-and-coming rap singer from Denver known as KL Tha General. He was scheduled to perform this Saturday.Durham’s music producer Russ P. called him one of the most talented rappers in Denver.“Literally I think he might actually have been my first client,” Russ P. said.Kevie Durham performed as KL Tha General (credit: Facebook)Durham’s music videos and songs show tens of thousands of views and downloads online. Russ P. says his career was about to take off as he was planning to move to Atlanta.Friends say Durham was a man devoted to his family and his career.“He was really was the last person that I expected this to happen to,” Russ P. said. “This guy really had a chance, with his talent, to go places with it.”The Beach on Federal Boulevard (credit: CBS)Officers are still interviewing hundreds of possible witnesses. They don’t know exactly what happened or if Durham was targeted.“At this point we don’t know what the motive was behind this shooting,” Ron Hackett with Denver police said.Friends and family are planning a benefit for Durham’s family Tuesday night atOver There Off Hampden Bar and Grille. Agofundme.compage has also been set up to help pay for funeral costs."
19,31,223799,"November 22, 2014",South Dakota,Sisseton,Fourth Avenue,4,1,https://www.argusleader.com/story/news/crime/2014/12/19/domestic-violence-behind-shooting-five-sisseton/20659351/,"Domestic violence was the driving force behind the shooting deaths of four people last month in Sisseton, according to Attorney General Marty Jackley.Colter Arbach, 22, used two guns to kill Vernon Renville Jr., Angela Adams, Candice Labelle and himself on Nov. 22 at a home in Sisseton, Jackley said at a press conference Friday in Sisseton.Arbach also injured Karissa Dog Eagle in the attack, shooting her several times.Jackley said Dog Eagle and Arbach were involved in a relationship, and that Dog Eagle had ended the relationship on the morning of Nov. 22.Arbach had punched her three times that night inside a house on Fourth Avenue.Dog Eagle and Adams planned to contact family members after the altercation, Jackley said.""They were going to call a mother. When Karissa told that to Colter, he grabbed the .223 and began shooting in a very rapid fashion,"" Jackley said.Arbach used a .223 rifle and a 12-gauge shotgun to fire on Renville Jr., whose body was found next to the driver's side door of a Kia vehicle. The bodies of Labelle and Adams were found on the other side of the vehicle. Both passenger side doors of the Kia were open.""Karissa was shot several times in the back,"" Jackley said.Arbach's body was found outside the home, as well. A total of 18 spent shell casings from the .223 and three shotgun shells were found outside the home. Arbach's blood alcohol content was .123, over the legal limit to drive, but no other drugs were found in his system.Autopsies confirmed that all the victims had died of gunshot wounds.State investigators worked alongside law enforcement from the Sisseton-Wahpeton Sioux Tribe to piece together the events surrounding the shooting, Jackley said.Tribal Secretary Robin Quinn thanked police for their help and thanked state and national supporters for their help during what she called a trying time for the community.""I'm asking that our community stay in your prayers and we work to heal,"" Quinn said.A fund has been established for the victims' families atgofundme.com/hrg674.""I would encourage South Dakotans to contribute to that,"" Jackley said."
20,33,223582,"November 21, 2014",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh,600 block of Miller Avenue,0,6,http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2014/11/21/police-6-shot-outside-of-clairton-speakeasy/,"PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – Clairton and Allegheny County Police continue to investigate after a half-dozen people were shot overnight inside what investigators describe as a “speakeasy.”It was about 3:30 a.m. when Clairton Police got a number of 911 calls about gunfire that began inside the establishment on the 600-block of Miller Avenue.On Friday afternoon, workers from the City of Clairton made sure no one would go back into the building, which is now condemned.A group of young men, not believed to be local to Clairton, confronted a group already inside and then the gunfire rang out.“From what we’re piecing together, it sounds like there was a group of young men who arrived, who are not local to Clairton. We’re not sure where they’re from, and shortly after they arrived, there was some type of fight and then the shooting following thereafter,” said Allegheny County Police Lt. Andrew Schurman.In all, six people were shot, and victims as well as patrons scattered. Two were in serious condition at mid-day. Three people were transported to hospitals from the scene. Three other victims showed up later at area hospitals by their own means.All of the victims are men in their early 20s.The gunfire started in the building, but may have spilled out into the street.“There is a car that showed up at one of the hospitals with bullet holes in it, so it may have,” said Lt. Schurman.The sign on the door said members only 21 or older, but investigators called what went on inside as a speakeasy where liquor was sold without a license.“In speaking with the Clairton police, the understanding that I have is that this establishment is not a licensed business, and in some capacity, they are selling alcohol illegally,” said Lt. Schurman. “They used the term ‘speakeasy’ to describe it. Obviously, they were looking into what was going on in this  building prior to the shooting.”Allegheny County Police are continuing to investigate and look for witnesses.Anybody with information about the shooting is asked to call Allegheny County Police.You May Also Be Interested In These Latest News Stories[display-posts category=”news” wrapper=”ul” posts_per_page=”4″]Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook PageStay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter"
21,34,222792,"November 19, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,700 block of North St. Louis Avenue,1,3,http://abc7chicago.com/news/4-wounded-in-east-garfield-park-shooting/402447/,WATCHLIVEFatal shooting near Humboldt Park
22,39,221577,"November 15, 2014",Florida,Miami,NW 55th and 12th,1,3,http://www.local10.com/news/police-identifiy-man-killed-in-liberty-city-shooting/29776834,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorMIAMI– A man who was killed in a Liberty City shooting over the weekend has been identified as Vincent Miller, 49.Three others were injured in the Saturday night shooting near Northwest 54th Street and 14th Avenue.Miami police said Miller was rushed to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Ryder Trauma Center where he died from his injuries.The three other victims were also taken to the hospital, where they were still recovering on Sunday.Police said a motive for the shooting wasn't immediately known.Follow Local 10 News on Twitter@WPLGLocal10Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
23,40,217831,"November 8, 2014",California,Pomona,499 E. Arrow Highway,0,5,http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-five-shot-pomona-park-20141109-story.html,"Five people were shot and wounded when a gunman opened fire in a Pomona park Saturday night, police said.Officers were called to Palomares Park at 499 E. Arrow Highway at about 7:55 p.m. after reports of shots fired from a nearby vehicle, police said.Three men and two women who “frequent the park” suffered gunshot wounds and went to Pomona Valley Medical Center, said Lt. Ron McDonald. They were reported in stable condition.The gunman remains at large.Investigators are trying to determine if the attack was gang-related. The victims range in age from 31 to 56, McDonald said.Twitter:@CarlaRiveraLatThe perils of parenting through a pandemicWhat’s going on with school? What do kids need? Get 8 to 3, a newsletter dedicated to the questions that keep California families up at night.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Follow UsCarla Rivera is an assistant editor in Metro who previously covered higher education for the Los Angeles Times.Subscribers Are ReadingCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCAccepted students are in the power position this month as competitive colleges try to impress them to say yes in a year of record applications to the University of California and other elite schools.More CoverageCaliforniaMother unraveled in depression, QAnon-style conspiracies in months before she killed 3 kidsCaliforniaMother unraveled in depression, QAnon-style conspiracies in months before she killed 3 kidsLiliana Carrillo’s unraveling over the last year alarmed people in her life.Entertainment & ArtsTiny houses and shipping containers may help homeless people in L.A. Are they humane?Entertainment & ArtsTiny houses and shipping containers may help homeless people in L.A. Are they humane?Is a tiny house really a glorified toolshed? Are the unhoused serving as guinea pigs for architect’s design experiments? Our columnist visits L.A.'s new wave of shelter solutions.More CoverageHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planThe mayor’s proposed budget, set for release Tuesday, comes at a moment of heightened frustration over the city’s handling of homelessness.Coronavirus, Vaccines and PandemicCaliforniaLAUSD coronavirus testing reveals 177 infections prior to first campus openingsCaliforniaLAUSD coronavirus testing reveals 177 infections prior to first campus openingsWith testing a requirement as schools reopen for in-person classes, 72 staff members and 105 students were found to have the virus.CaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccine supply rebounds as L.A. County hopes to rapidly immunize more residentsCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccine supply rebounds as L.A. County hopes to rapidly immunize more residentsThe county’s latest allocation, approximately 362,000 doses, is up nearly 39,000 from last week, according to the Department of Public Health.More CoverageWorld & NationBillions spent on coronavirus fight, but what happens next?World & NationBillions spent on coronavirus fight, but what happens next?Public health officials worry that their budgets will be slashed when the pandemic recedes and they’ll once again be unprepared for a health crisis.ArchivesTracking reopeningsArchivesTracking reopeningsLatest on vaccines and pandemicLatest on vaccines and pandemicCoronavirus and COVID-19 pandemic and health news.Latest CaliforniaCaliforniaA high-stakes moment for LAPD as city braces for verdict in Derek Chauvin trialCaliforniaA high-stakes moment for LAPD as city braces for verdict in Derek Chauvin trialChief Michel Moore’s promises that the LAPD is prepared to facilitate demonstrations related to Derek Chauvin’s trial come at a high-stakes moment for the department.CaliforniaPaul Flores denied bail while awaiting trial for killing of Kristin SmartCaliforniaPaul Flores denied bail while awaiting trial for killing of Kristin SmartA judge on Monday ordered that Paul Flores will remain in a San Luis Obispo County jail as he awaits trial on charges he killed Kristin Smart while trying to rape the college freshman in 1996.CaliforniaGarcetti seeks to stem poverty, boost social justice in vision for a recovering L.A.CaliforniaGarcetti seeks to stem poverty, boost social justice in vision for a recovering L.A.L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti laid out a roadmap for helping the city recover from the devastation of COVID-19. He emphasized anti-poverty initiatives and social justice programs, including a “basic guaranteed income” pilot program.CaliforniaAs L.A. County reopens, officials plan for COVID-19 economic recoveryCaliforniaAs L.A. County reopens, officials plan for COVID-19 economic recoveryThe county saw a $735-million drop in sales tax revenue due to the pandemic-related economic slowdown, but layoffs and furloughs are not planned and the overall budget to large departments will remain largely unchanged.CaliforniaMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaCaliforniaMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaPolice arrested the man on suspicion of burglary.Subscribe for unlimited accessFollow Us"
24,41,217401,"November 7, 2014",California,Compton,136th Street ,0,4,http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Four-Men-Shot-in-Compton-282014341.html,"Two men were in critical condition after being shot in Compton on Friday night.Four males suffered injuries in the incident, which occurred on 136th Street at around 11:45 p.m.Two were transported to local hospital in critical condition, while the others were treated at the scene and released, according to the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department.Local news from across Southern CaliforniaIt is unknown what led up to the shooting or if it was gang related at this time, and the incident is under active investigation."
25,42,218054,"November 7, 2014",California,Los Angeles,East 126th Street and North Compton Avenue,0,4,http://www.presstelegram.com/general-news/20141108/four-shot-outside-willowbrook-apartment,"Trending:LOS ANGELES (CNS) – Four men were hospitalized today with gunshot wounds received late Friday, authorities said.Two of the shooting victims suffered critical injuries, one requiring surgery and two others escaped the shooting attack with less serious injuries, a Los Angeles County Fire Department dispatcher said.It happened about 11:45 p.m. near the intersection of East 126th Street and North Compton Avenue, Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Lt. Jason Wolak said.Two of the victims were in their early 20s, and the other two in their late 30s, Wolak said.All were gathered outside an apartment when a suspect, or suspects, began firing, Wolak said.The shooting was being investigated by a gang unit, he said.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
26,43,216533,"November 5, 2014",California,San Francisco,1100 block of Alabama Street ,0,4,http://abc7news.com/news/six-injured-in-two-separate-shootings-in-san-francisco/383097/,WATCHVIDEOSSan Francisco police said four people were shot in San Francisco's Mission District Wednesday night.
27,44,212884,"October 29, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,Yale Road and Ramill Road,0,5,http://wreg.com/2014/10/29/several-people-shot-at-memphis-apartment-complex/,"WREG.comby:Jessica Gertler,George BrownMEMPHIS, Tenn — Police are searching for a group of men who shot five people in Raleigh.One of the victims, a woman trying to break up the fight, was shot in the head.Witnesses said the shooters didn’t care who they hit when they opened fire at the Lexington Apartments near the intersection of Yale and Ramill Roads.Witnesses said the trouble started in a white car and green car, both of which police had towed from the scene.Witnesses said a group of guys in each of the cars were yelling back and forth at each other in the middle of the complex Wednesday afternoon.One witness told WREG a woman tried breaking up the fight when she was shot in the head, and the next thing you know, bullets were flying everywhere.Four other men were hit.Kids were coming home from school as officers were collecting evidence. The children were escorted through the crime scene.“It is really sad. These apartments are really nice. It’s just the people who live in the apartments that are making it rough over here,” Betty Morris said.Morris was shaking when she pulled up to the complex. Thankfully, her husband who works there wasn’t hurt.“I was hoping he was OK. He was fine,” she said.Family members said some of the victims live at the complex, and the woman shot was on vacation visiting her boyfriend.What’s even worse, they said one of the victims just got out of the hospital after being shot last month.“It is sad. The violence needs to stop. It really does. It needs to stop,” Andrea Jennings, who lives next to the complex, said. “Everybody wants to be the bad man. Everybody wants to run around with the guns. It’s everywhere. It’s everywhere! It’s sad.”While a man was put in the back of the cruiser, police said no arrests have been made as of Wednesday night.Police did not release a description of the suspects, but said they are looking for three to four men.As of Wednesday night, three victims were in critical condition at Regional Medical Center, and two others were expected to be OK.WREG will keep you updated on this story.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MEMPHIS, Tenn. - - Cerelyn Davis, Mayor Jim Strickland's choice to be Memphis's new police chief, addressed the Memphis media for the first time Monday afternoon.Davis, who comes to the Bluff City from North Carolina, talked about how important it is for her to build trust with her officers and the community.(NEXSTAR) – The White House announced Monday that anyone 16 years and older can sign up for a COVID-19 vaccine appointment, meeting President Biden's April 19 eligibility goal.""More than half of all adults in America have now received at least one shot,"" White House press secretary Jen Psaki said at Monday's briefing. ""More than 32 percent of adults are fully vaccinated. Eighty-one percent of seniors have at least one, and just about two thirds are fully vaccinated.""MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Former Vice President Walter Mondale, a liberal icon who lost the most lopsided presidential election after bluntly telling voters to expect a tax increase if he won, has died. He was 93.Mondale’s family says he died Monday in Minneapolis."
28,47,209134,"October 18, 2014",New York,Queens,33-02 Queens Blvd,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20150306/sunnyside/ex-con-arrested-sunnyside-shooting-that-wounded-4-bystanders-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.QUEENS — An ex-con was arrested Thursday night, nearly six months afterhe opened fire on another man outside a busy Sunnyside nightclub, wounding four bystanders,policesaid.Traevon Robinson, 23, who had violated the parole he was on for a 2011 Queens burglary, was picked up at his South Jamaica home for the Oct. 19 shooting outsideAllure Club and Lounge, 33-02 Queens Blvd., an NYPD spokeswoman said.Robinson, who can be seen in a gray sweater in video released by police, faced charges of felony assault and reckless endangerment, police said.Robinson and another man, who had not been arrested as of Friday morning, were arguing outside the watering hole about 10:45 p.m. when they drew their guns and started shooting, NYPD officials said.Four clubgoers were hit by the crossfire, police said. A 37-year-old man was hit in the chest while the other three, a 19-year-old girl, 23 and 28-year-old men were each hit once in the leg, police said.They brought themselves to area hospitals, officials said.An NYPD spokeswoman said she did not know why Robinson was arguing with the other shooter.Robinson was convicted in 2011 for a burglary and served about 2 years and 8 months behind bars until he was released on parole in April 2014, records show.NYPD officials did not have a description of the second suspect.Next inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
29,49,207687,"October 18, 2014",New York,Brooklyn,Lenox Road,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/4-Teens-Open-Fire-on-Brooklyn-Street-Injuring-4-Police-Lenox-Road-Prospect-Lefferts-Gardens-279705202.html,"Four teenagers opened fire on a Brooklyn street, spraying bullets that hit four different men, police said Sunday.The four attackers, all believed to be between the ages of 14 and 16, were wearing black hoodies when they began shooting Saturday at around 10:30 p.m., police said.Police said their bullets injured four men on Lenox Road in Prospect Lefferts Gardens: a 50-year-old who was shot in the chest; a 46-year-old who was shot in the leg; a 19-year-old who was shot in the foot; and a 19-year-old who was shot in the leg.All four were hospitalized in stable condition and were expected to survive, police said."
30,50,206303,"October 16, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Mogul Street,1,3,http://www.myfoxdetroit.com/story/29628849/killer-of-3-year-old-amiracle-williams-sentenced-in-facebook-feud-shooting,"A doctor with Beaumont said that less than .01% of hospitalized COVID-19 patients are fully vaccinated.Meadow Brook Hall offers COVID safe tours of the historical site.Michigan Rep. Rashida Tlaib said she isn't going anywhere after Detroit Police Chief James Craig said she should resign.People spend all day staring at their phones, so when they get into the float therapy tank in Clarkston, they're introduced to a new kind of immersion. One separated from stress and anxiety that comes with the current events we keep up with.Apple said has reviewed and approved an updated version of Parler that will be available again soon for download from the App Store.Denis Gurianov scored in the fifth round of a shootout to give the Dallas Stars a 3-2 win over the Detroit Red Wings on Monday night,The victim was inside his Pontiac G6 when the suspect pulled alongside of him in a blue Buick. The suspect got out and held a short conversation with the man before pulling his gun and opening fire into the vehicle.Animal control workers responded to calls from a woman scared that the 'animal' would enter someone's homeWhile a lot of people who received the third stimulus check could really use it, unfortunately, some people may have to return the $1,400.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
31,53,204310,"October 12, 2014",California,Stockton,1100 block of East March Lane,3,1,http://www.kcra.com/news/local-news/news-stockton/stockton-turns-to-state-for-help-after-deadly-weekend-spree/29087668,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Stockton police have called in the state Department of Justice after a series of weekend shootings left five people dead.Watch report: Rash of Stockton homicides has police chief asking for helpOfficer Joe Silva said Stockton police resources were stretched thin by the three separate crime scenes, so the department requested help from DOJ forensic evidence technicians.Related:5 people shot to death within 4 hours in StocktonThe technicians processed the last crime scene, where three people were shot and killed and a fourth was wounded early Sunday morning in the parking lot of a March Lane shopping center.Police have not identified the victims or released a motive for the attack.However, the family members of one of the March Lane victims told KCRA 3 that one of the people shot to death was their relative, Carlita.No last name was provided. The family gave us a photo of Carlita, who is pictured with her 18-month-old daughter.Sunday night, Dallas Bidwell's family identified him as another victim in the March Lane shooting. Bidwell was 19 years old.His relatives said they had no idea why anyone would want to kill the teen.The shooting on March Lane came just hours after a 28-year-old man was shot and killed in a family dispute at a home in the 1500 block of Bordeaux Avenue.Andy Hem, 21, has been arrested in that case.About 10 minutes after that shooting, police received a report of another shooting that claimed the life of a 26-year-old gang member. No names or further details have been released in the incident.KCRA 3's Melinda Meza contributed to this report.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
32,55,204236,"October 11, 2014",New York,Utica,222 Bleecker Street,0,5,http://www.uticaod.com/article/20150203/NEWS/150209881,"The New York City man accused of shooting four people outside the downtown Level Bar & Lounge in October is now facing charges in connection to the incident.The New York City man accused of shooting four people outside the downtown Level Bar & Lounge in October is now facing charges in connection to the incident.Calvin Dennis, 27, is due to appear in Oneida County Court on Friday for 13 charges, including three counts of attempted second-degree murder, two counts each of first-degree and second-degree assault, and two counts of attempted first-degree assault. He also is charged with criminal possession of a firearm, second-degree and third-degree criminal possession of a weapon and menacing a police officer.Dennis is accused of opening fire on a crowd outside the Bleecker Street bar at about 2:15 a.m. Oct. 11. Exactly what prompted the shootings, however, has not yet been revealed.The following individuals – all from Utica – were struck by gunfire, but they survived their injuries: Adrian Liggins, 31; Memphis Delacruz, 22; Ezra McLean, 33; and Rodney Pearson, 23.Dennis was shot by Utica police Officer John Scaramuzzino as he fled the scene and was immediately taken into custody. Scaramuzzino and a New York state trooper had been nearby when the shooting occurred as part of a patrol funded by a state grant to combat gun violence.Dennis has not faced any charges related to the shooting until now.Follow @OD_LaDuca on Twitter or call him at 792-5037.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Uticaod  ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
33,57,204254,"October 8, 2014",New York,Guilderland,1846 Western Ave,4,0,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2786805/Cops-4-slain-include-2-adults-boys-ages-7-10.html,"ByAssociated PressandZoe Szathmary for MailOnlinePublished:14:29 EDT, 9 October 2014|Updated:02:55 EDT, 10 October 20146ViewcommentsTwo boys, ages 7 and 10, and two adults were found slain inside their suburban upstate New York home, authorities said Thursday as they sought the public's help in their investigation.The adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman, but officials weren't saying how the four were related.The victims' names were being withheld while relatives were notified, Albany County District Attorney David Soares said during a news conference in Guilderland.Officials refused to comment about whether the deaths, which were discovered Wednesday afternoon, were a murder-suicide or whether the victims were targeted.'At this point, we don't believe the neighbors have much to fear,' Soares said.Local media, however, have reported the victims were a family.Guilderland Police Chief Carol Lawlor speaks during a press conference Thursday as Albany County District Attorney David Soares, left, and New York State Police Capt. Scott Coburn look onSlain: Officials say the two adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman. Police aren't saying how the four people found were relatedPolice were still at the scene where the homicides were discovered ThursdayPolice, seen Wednesday, have said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigationAuthorities didn't say how the four were killed. Autopsies being conducted Thursday will determine the cause of death, Soares said.Officials said the four were of Chinese descent, but disclosed no other information. Police said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigation.Soares said the boy attended classes in the Guilderland school district.The home where the bodies were found is in a busy residential and commercial stretch of a road just west of Albany.Several police vehicle remained at the scene Thursday.Soares and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious around the home Wednesday afternoon to contact investigators on a telephone tip line: 1-800-448-3847.The victims had ties to a Chinese restaurant, called King's Wok Restaurant, according to local media reports.'Right now, I'm still not believe what happened,' a female employee toldNews10on Wednesday.'Do you know why this may have happened to them?' the unnamed woman also said. 'She's not hurt somebody. People really kind. Everybody's friends. In the Albany area, we're all friends. We know each other.'Fellow employee C.C. Chen toldThe Times-UnionThursday that the victims are relatives of Kam Lo, who owns King's Wok.Lo owns the home where the victims were found, the newspaper reported.'We just saw them yesterday,' Chen told The Times-Union. 'They always come to the restaurant.'Local media reported the victims had ties to a Chinese restaurantPolice secure the scene of the quadruple homicide WednesdayThe slain adults sometimes worked at King's Wok, two women claiming to be family members toldWNYT.Chen Lin, a friend of the family, toldNews 10'They are nice. I know there's two boys and the wife and the husband. The husband was a funny guy.'Guilderland Elementary School Principal Allan Lockwood wrote a letter about the two boys on Thursday, the affiliate stationreported.'It is with profound sadness that I write this letter to our Guilderland Elementary community,' Lockwood wrote. 'Earlier this morning, police confirmed that two of our young students, a fifth grader and a second grader, were among the victims of yesterday's tragic crime on Western Avenue in the Town of Guilderland. Police have not released the names of the victims, pending notification of all next of kin, and so we cannot share further details about the students at this time.'Lockwood wrote that 'a team of counselors, school psychologists, and social workers will be providing support to any students, faculty or staff members in need throughout the coming days.'Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
34,60,201648,"October 4, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1400 block of Gherald Street,2,2,http://wreg.com/2015/03/28/suspect-arrested-for-berclair-shooting/,"WREG.comby:Ashley ForestMEMPHIS, Tenn. — A Memphis man is behind bars Saturday after police say he shot and killed two people in the 1400 block of Gherald Street in October of 2014 during a robbery.Police say 20-year-old Antwon Young and another male approached a group of males demanding their money.Young and the other male began shooting at the men, killing Juan Pedro Garcia and Alvaro Casillas Becerra and severely injuring two others.Antwon Young will is scheduled to be in court on Monday.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MEMPHIS, Tenn. - - Cerelyn Davis, Mayor Jim Strickland's choice to be Memphis's new police chief, addressed the Memphis media for the first time Monday afternoon.Davis, who comes to the Bluff City from North Carolina, talked about how important it is for her to build trust with her officers and the community.(NEXSTAR) – The White House announced Monday that anyone 16 years and older can sign up for a COVID-19 vaccine appointment, meeting President Biden's April 19 eligibility goal.""More than half of all adults in America have now received at least one shot,"" White House press secretary Jen Psaki said at Monday's briefing. ""More than 32 percent of adults are fully vaccinated. Eighty-one percent of seniors have at least one, and just about two thirds are fully vaccinated.""MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Former Vice President Walter Mondale, a liberal icon who lost the most lopsided presidential election after bluntly telling voters to expect a tax increase if he won, has died. He was 93.Mondale’s family says he died Monday in Minneapolis."
35,61,201502,"October 4, 2014",California,Pomona,1925 West Holt Avenue ,0,4,http://www.insidesocal.com/sgvcrime/2014/10/05/four-wounded-in-shooting-at-pomona-restaurant-drive-through/,"POMONA >> Four men were hospitalized in stable condition after gunfire erupted in the drive-through of a Mexican restaurant Saturday, police said.The shooting took place just after 6:40 p.m. at Alberto’s Mexican Food, 1925 West Holt Ave., east of Fairplex Drive, Pomona police Sgt. Steve Congalton said in a written statement.The victims were inside a car that was in the drive-through of the restaurant just before the shooting“An altercation took place between the occupants of the vehicle and suspect that were on foot,” Congalton said. “Moments later, shots were fired and four individuals were hit.”A motive in the shooting remained under investigation, though detectives suspected it was gang-related, Congalton said.All four wounded men were flown by helicopter to area hospitals, where they were listed in stable condition, police said. Their ages or cities of residence were not released.No description of the suspects was available.Police were investigating the shooting as attempted murder.Anyone with information was asked to contact Pomona Police Department detectives at 909-620-2085. Tips may also be submitted anonymously via L.A. Regional Crime Stoppers at 800-222-8477.We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailingmoderator@langnews.com."
36,62,198051,"September 29, 2014",South Carolina,Walterboro,29 Sandy Dam Lane,1,7,http://m.live5news.com/live5news/db/330614/content/tsIJVZW4,"2126 Charlie Hall BoulevardCharleston SC 29414(843) 402-5555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
37,64,197416,"September 28, 2014",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,2800 block of Hope Street,0,4,http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2014/09/28/police-investigate-quadruple-shooting-in-fairhill/,"PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Police are investigating a quadruple shooting in North Philadelphia.It happened around 5 a.m. Sunday along the 2800 block of Hope Street in the city’s Fairhill neighborhood.Investigators tell CBS 3 that a group of people got into an argument and then gunfire erupted.Police say four people were shot and wounded, including a 17-year-old boy who was pistol whipped in the head, and then shot in the ankle. A 30-year-old was shot three times in the legs. A 41-year-old man suffered a graze wound to the back and a 37-year-old man was struck in the thigh.The victims were all taken to Temple University Hospital in stable condition.Witnesses tell police the shooter was a Hispanic man. He and an accomplice drove off in a dark-colored vehicle.No arrests have been made.You may also be interested in these news stories:[display-posts category=”sports” wrapper=”ul” posts_per_page=”5″]"
38,65,197384,"September 28, 2014",Florida,Miami,NW 7th Ave and NW 64th St,0,15,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/Second-Arrest-Made-in-Mass-Shooting-at-Nightclub-278424801.html,"A second teen was arrested Tuesday in the shooting of 15 people at a Miami nightclub.The 16-year-old juvenile was charged with one count of accessory after the fact (attempted first degree murder) and 14 counts of accessory after the fact (aggravated battery) for his alleged role in the Sept. 28 shooting at The Spot.The teen told police he was at the club during the shooting but denied knowing the other person charged, 17-year-old Will Campbell, who was arrested Monday, according to the arrest affidavit.But Campbell told detectives Monday that he knew the 16-year-old and that they were both in the club on the night of shooting, the affadavit says. Detectives also said that Campbell’s and the 16-year-old’s Facebook accounts showed pictures of the two together.Police believe Campbell was the triggerman in the mass shooting at The Spot. Campbell is being charged with attempted first-degree murder and 14 counts of aggravated battery with a firearm.Police Chief Manuel Orosa said detectives had been looking for Campbell throughout the weekend before taking him into custody Monday afternoon. Police said Campbell has been talking with detectives with his mother present.Chief Orosa said the shooting stemmed from a fight at Norland Senior High School.“One of his friends got involved in a fight, and when [he] and his friends arrived at The Spot, they found the other person involved in the fight there,"" Orosa said. ""He was told that [another patron] was the other juvenile involved in the fight. So he took out a gun and shot that juvenile, who’s in critical condition at Jackson Memorial Hospital. He also shot at the crowd as he was running away, hitting 14 other people.""Police said since Campbell is still under 18, he will go through the juvenile justice system for now.Orosa said Campbell didn’t have much of an arrest history. The chief said Campbell had arrests for obstructing a police officer and possession of marijuana.Campbell was arrested just days after The Spot's manager Tiffany Johnson was arrested and given a notice to appear in court for allegedly selling liquor without a license.Johnson, 31, was arrested after agents found bottles of liquor behind the bar during an inspection of the facility. The bar only had a license to sell beer and wine."
39,66,197287,"September 27, 2014",Missouri,Saint Louis,2000 block East John Avenue,0,5,http://fox2now.com/2014/09/27/violent-night-of-shootings-in-st-louis/,"FOX 2by:George SellsST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI)-More violence overnight as shots ring out in different parts of the city of St. Louis.  At least one of those shootings was fatal.Police found two men shot inside a car outside of a bar on 7th Street in the Soulard neighborhood. Investigators are still trying to figure out exactly what happened, but witnesses said both men had been inside the bar, Cuz’ Bar & Grill, earlier in the night.The shooting occurred in the parking lot around 3:00am Saturday. The car the two men were in then idled across the parking lot and struck the building.One of the men later died as a result of the shooting. The other man remains in critical and unstable condition. There is no motive for the shooting.Two shot outside Soulard bar. Among three shootings with nine victims overnight.@FOX2nowpic.twitter.com/Jfz1w9kE4e— George Sells (@GeorgeSells)September 27, 2014There were two other shootings in north St. Louis overnight.  A woman and her 4-year-old child were wounded in a drive by shooting around 11:00pm Friday in the 5900 block of Kennerly. The woman and her child were both shot in the leg.  They are all in stable condition. Later, a man showed up at the hospital also suffering from a gunshot wound related to this incident.Five people were shot in another drive by shooting around 2:30am Saturday in the 2000 block East John Avenue. All  the victims are adults and are listed in stable condition. Police are looking for four or five suspects.Police so far do not have any suspects or a motive for these shootings.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.ST. LOUIS – Another taste of winter means more work as people make important changes. It’s like we’re going back in time instead of marching forward to summer.At Mr. Wizard’s Frozen Custard, folks were enjoying some ice-cold ice cream. Come tomorrow, they may want to trade for hot chocolate; not everyone though.ST. LOUIS – A St. Louis landlord called FOX 2 to tell our You Paid For It team that he was getting a raw deal under the city’s eviction moratorium and, for the first time, the sheriff agreed with him.Sheriff Vernon Betts has the unenviable task of serving eviction notices and force families from their houses. But that job has been suspended because of the pandemic. St. Louis Circuit Court Presiding Judge Michael Stelzer barred most evictions.ST. LOUIS - The jury hearing the case of former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, charged with second-degree murder, third-degree murder, and second-degree manslaughter in the death of George Floyd has finished its first day of deliberation, hours after getting the case from the Hennepin County judge late Monday afternoon.As the nation waits for a verdict, Saint Louis University President Fred Pestello shared a message with the campus community Monday night, entitled ""A Jury Deliberates and Our Nation Sits on Edge.""FOX 2 and KPLR 11 in St. Louis cover the news in Missouri and Illinois. There are over 68 hours of live news and local programming on-air each week.Our website and live video streams operate 24/7.Download our apps for alertsand follow us on social media for updates in your feed.President Harry Truman said: “It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.” That spirit is alive and well at Fox 2. Our teamwork is on display each and every day.Our news slogan is: “Coverage You Can Count On.” We quite frankly are too busy to worry about who gets the credit. Our main concern is serving the viewer.We go where the stories take us. Whether it be Washington, D.C when aBelleville manopened fire during a congressional baseball game practiceor to Puerto Rico where local Ameren crews restored power after more than 5 months in the dark.Coverage You Can Count On means “Waking up your Day” with our top-rated morning show. From 4:00 am-10:00 am we are leading the way with breaking news.But our early morning crew also knows how to have some fun! Our strong commitment to the communities we serve is highlighted with our Friday neighborhood shows.Our investigative unit consists of three reporters.Elliott Davisfocuses on government waste,Chris Hayesis our investigative reporter, andMike Colombo is our consumer reporter. They work in unison with the news department by sharing resources and ideas.We continue to cover breaking news aggressively and relied on our seasoned journalists to make a difference with the stories we covered. The shooting of Arnold PoliceOfficer Ryan O’Connoris just one example of that.Jasmine Hudawas the only reporter who hadexclusive access to the O’Connor family during his amazing rehabilitation in Colorado.Last, but certainly not least,FOX 2 and KPLR 11 are committed to covering local politics. We host debates among candidates and have the most extensive presidential election coverage. Our commitment to politics isn’t just during an election year.We produce two political shows that air every weekend."
40,67,198064,"September 26, 2014",South Carolina,Florence,650 Turner Rd,1,4,https://www.wmbfnews.com/story/26636473/5-people-shot-in-darlington-co-apparently-after-drug-deal-goes-wrong/,"DARLINGTON COUNTY, SC (WMBF) - Two suspects surrendered to Darlington County officials and have been charged following a September 26, 2014 fatal shooting.Bianca A. Moore, 31, died Tuesday, October 7, 2014 in a local hospital from injuries stemming from being shot, according to Darlington County Coroner Todd Hardee.Alonzo T. Russell Jr., 30, of Florence, turned himself into Darlington County Sheriff's Office. He was wanted for the possession with the intent to distribute marijuana and possession of crack cocaine, according to Sheriff Wayne Byrd.Brice S. Russell, 28, of Florence, has been charged with the same crimes as those of Russell, Jr.A total of five suspects have been arrested and charged in the Darlington shooting.  According to the Darlington County Sheriff's Office:Alonzo Russell Sr., 64, was charged with possession with intent to distribute marijuana and possession of crack cocaine.Sylvester Lamont Jordan, 26, was charged with three counts of attempted murder and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.Damaino Nicholas Thomas, 30, was charged with the same crimes as Jordan.Five people were shot early Friday, September 26 after a drug deal apparently went bad, according to the DCSO.Officials were notified of the shooting at about 1:39 a.m.; it took place in the 600 block of Turner Drive in the Palmetto area of Darlington County.The injured victims were taken by a private vehicle to a local hospital before law enforcement arrived on scene. According to a news release from DCSO, one female victim was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the head.""The incident appears to be the result of a drug deal gone badly,"" Sheriff Wayne Byrd stated.DCSO is working with the State Law Enforcement Division to determine what happened. More information will be released as the investigation continues.Anyone with information on this case is asked to call DCSO at 843-398-4501.Copyright 2014WMBF News. All rights reserved.918 Frontage Rd. EastMyrtle Beach, SC 29577(843) 839-9623A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
41,68,194945,"September 21, 2014",Ohio,East Liverpool,440 First St,0,4,http://www.theintelligencer.net/page/content.detail/id/612546.html,"WHEELING — City officials are set to pass a new traffic rule Tuesday clearly defining which types of special ...WHEELING — Though the words of their prayers may be different, local faith leaders speak with one voice when it ...West Virginia now has more than 500,000 residents fully vaccinated against COVID-19.

According to the Department of Health and Human Resources ...HUNTINGTON — History will be made when the 74th annual West Virginia Class A/AA state wrestling tournament starts on Wednesday inside Mountain ...WHEELING — On a day as fine as April can muster, buttercups are whooping it up on the rich silt left behind by winter flooding on Wheeling ...Perhaps the most unsettling recent reminder of the horrors of the COVID-19 pandemic came last week, when the Federal Emergency Management Agency unveiled its new ...After covering the 60-day legislative session, I almost always need the week after to recover, decompress, and catch up on things.

For example, I feel like I ...Irene P. (Renee) Anderson passed away on April 16, 2021 at Good Shepherd Nursing Home in Wheeling, WV.

Renee was born on May 5, 1928 in Youngstown, OH, the ...By CUNEYT DIL Associated Press
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — West Virginia's coronavirus vaccination drive is slowing down as fewer people come forward to get shots, ...Read a digital version of the newspaper on your computer, tablet or smart phone using either an app or a web browser.Employment News ›Today's breaking news and more in your inboxAdvertising affords you the opportunity to give people reasons to do business with you rather than your competition.Copyright © The Intelligencer | https://www.theintelligencer.net | 1500 Main Street, Wheeling, WV 26003 | 304-233-0100 |Ogden Newspapers|The Nutting Company"
42,69,193960,"September 20, 2014",Mississippi,Batesville,8297 Curtis Rd,2,2,http://blog.gulflive.com/mississippi-press-news/2014/09/around_mississippi_2_dead_afte.html#incart_river,"APTOPIX Tennessee Daily LifeXzavier Miles, 2, rests on his mother Juanita Miles' lap during opening day of the Annual Mid-South Fair at The Landers Center in Southaven, Miss., Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The fair has found a home in Mississippi where thousands of people from all over the mid-south enjoy the fun filled action the fair offers during its 10-day run. (AP Photo/The Commercial Appeal, Mark Weber)(Mark Weber)Here are some news and notes around Mississippi today:In Batesville,two men are dead after an early Saturday shooting at a rural grocery store near Batesville.Panola County Coroner Gracie Grant-Gulledge says the dead men are 20-year-old Quendez Robinson and 24-year-old Rodrick Scurlock. Gulledge says Robinson died of a gunshot wound after being taken to Tri-Lakes Medical Center, while Scurlock died at the store in the Curtis Station community, about 7 miles northwest of BatesvilleBoth were shot about 1 a.m. at the Hilltop Grocery, where a party was apparently in progress. At least two other people were shot and are recovering.Panola County Sheriff Dennis Darby tellsWATN-TVthat two gang rivals may have argued. Deputies say a fifth person may have also been grazed by a bullet. Officials are currently questioning several people.In Jackson,Hinds Community College will expand its nursing and allied health programs in Jackson after agreeing to move Mississippi State extension service employees to college property in Raymond.The Hinds County Board of Supervisors voted Sept. 2 to accept the swap.The college will gain use of 11.5 acres and two buildings. President Clyde Muse says one building will be renovated to house classrooms. The property adjoins the college's current nursing and allied health programs near Central Mississippi Medical Center.The college could use the property for a surgical simulation center to help train students. Plans also call for a lodge for families of burn victims being treated at the hospital.The 11 extension service employees will relocate to Eagle Ridge Conference Center in Raymond, possibly as early as Christmas.In Vicksburg,members of the Mayor's Health Council hope to work out a plan under which the Vicksburg farmers market can accept electronic benefits transactions as part of a plan to improve the health of Vicksburg residents.""If we don't get people healthier, they're always going to be sick and depending on the government's pockets,"" said council member Vanessa Prentiss, who teaches health classes at Kings Empowerment Center. ""This is our city, and we want our city to last and our people to last.""Council member Gail Kavanaugh, nutrition director for the Vicksburg Warren School District, told The Vicksburg Post (http://bit.ly/YZ48V8) the system could involve the farmers market manager accepting EBTs -- electronic food stamps -- and issuing tokens that can be traded to market vendors, or allowing farmers to accept EBT payments at their booths.The ability to accept EBT transactions would allow more access to fresh fruits and vegetables for low-income residents, Kavanaugh said. EBT is accepted at several farmers' markets around the state, she said.""It's very important for the community to know this is in the best interest of farmers and the community,"" she said.So far, the move has been a tough sell to farmers, she said.""Many of them are skeptical and don't want the government involved in their business,"" she said.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
43,70,193570,"September 19, 2014",New York,Queens,32-14 106th St,0,4,http://gothamist.com/2014/09/20/four_shot_at_house_party_in_queens.php,"© 2021 New York Public Radio. All rights reserved.Reader support makes Gothamist’s local journalism possible. For our spring membership campaign, we’re looking for 250 new Gothamist members by the end of the month. Make a donation to support Gothamist and local news today.Four young men were shot at a home in East Elmhurst, Queens last night, and the NYPD says the suspected gunman is still at large.According to cops, officers found the four injured men at 32-14 106th St., near Northern Boulevard around 9:50 p.m. last night.CBS 2 reportsthat a house party was going on at the time, and there were two 25-year-old victims, one 24-year-old victim and one 34-year-old victim. One man was shot in his arm, two were shot in their torso and head, and one was shot in the face; all four were transported to Elmhurst General Hospital in stable condition.An investigation revealed that shortly before cops arrived, an unidentified gunman approached the group of men who were hanging out at the residence. Authorities say that after the victims greeted him, the gunman pulled out a rifle and fired off about five shots before fleeing; no arrests have been made at this time.Last night's shooting was one of three in the borough.The Post reportsthat woman sustained a graze wound to her head in Far Rockaway at about 10:30 p.m., and another man was hit with a BB gun bullet in Rosedale at 9:50 p.m. Both victims are expected to survive.By submitting your information, you're agreeing to receive communications from New York Public Radio in accordance with ourTerms.Do you know the scoop?Commentbelow orSend us a TipGothamist is a website about New York City news, arts and events, and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio.arrowSign up for our newsletter! Share your email address to get our top stories each day.By submitting your information, you're agreeing to receive communications from New York Public Radio in accordance with ourTerms.© 2021 New York Public Radio. All rights reserved."
44,72,191416,"September 15, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,Chef Menteur Highway and Dale Street,0,5,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/09/5_shot_in_eastern_new_orleans.html,"Five people were shot Monday evening in the 6700 block of Chef Menteur Highway. (Google Maps)Five men where shot Monday night (Sept. 15) at aneastern New Orleansintersection called ""Million Dollar Corner"" by locals for the prolific drug deals conducted in plain view.The five men -- ages 20, 27, 35, 54 and 60 -- were shot a little before 8 p.m. near a gas station and convenience store at the intersection of Chef Menteur Highway and Dale Street, saidNOPDspokesman Officer Frank Robertson.The 27-year-old was struck multiple times, while the remaining men were each shot once, said Robertson, citing preliminary information. Two of the men were taken to an area hospital by ambulance while three arrived by private vehicle, Robertson said.Their conditions were not immediately available, but all five remained hospitalized Monday night.Initial evidence suggested that one of the men may have been the target of the gunfire, Robertson said, adding that detectives do not believe the five men were together at the time of the shooting.Nearly a dozen evidence markers could be seen on the street and sidewalk on Dale Street. It's an intersection that some locals said was plagued by drug trafficking and violence.Last month, two men ages 65 and 23 wereshot multiple timesnear that intersection. The next block over on Chef Menteur,43-year-old Clarence Wilsonwas shot in the head back in May following an argument near the intersection of Chef Menteur and America Street.""I tell my kids not to walk by there,"" said nearby resident Nell Clark, who stood near the crime scene with her three children -- 14, 13 and 10. ""S--- always happens up there, and I don't want them getting shot. This is no place to raise kids.""Evidence of past violence could be easily seen at the intersection. A silver traffic signal control box at the corner was covered in the words ""RIP Al,"" scrawled in black along with ""Goose Boy"" and ""East Beast ENT.""Some at the scene said the shooting was likely the result of retaliation.""The word went out: Anybody hang out around that tree going to get shot -- every time,"" said one man, who did not want to give his name.Another resident predicted Monday's shooting would be met with even more violence.""The gunman is still out there riding around,"" said Angela Hartford. ""There's going to be more shooting around here.""NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune photographer David Grunfeld contributed to this report.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
45,74,190599,"September 14, 2014",Alaska,Anchorage,225 E Fifth,0,6,http://www.adn.com/article/20140914/6-wounded-1-critically-morning-shooting-outside-downtown-bar,"SubscribeAccountActivationManage accountLOG OUTSix people were wounded, one critically, in an early morning shooting Sunday outside a downtown after-hours club, Anchorage police said.Officers were called to the Kodiak Bar, 225 E. Fifth Avenue, at 4:25 a.m. for a reported shooting, the police department said in a news release.Victims told police that a group of family and friends were standing outside the Kodiak when an argument between one person and two suspects led to gunfire.Six people were hit. According to police, Jonah Silva, 20, received a life-threatening gunshot wound to the abdomen. As of Sunday evening, police spokeswoman Anita Shell said, he was still believed to be in critical condition.Randi Popalii, 33, was shot in the foot. Willie Popoalli, 34, was shot in the back. Dorothy Tialino, 20, was shot in the shoulder.Tasi Silva, 21, was shot in the waist and knee. Derrick Parson, 21, was shot in the forearm. None of their wounds were considered life-threatening by police.Police are looking for two male suspects.The Kodiak stays open after normal bar closing hours as an ""after hours"" club offering food and music -- but no alcohol -- until 5 or 6 a.m., the establishment says on its Facebook page. A planned name change to Club Nocturnal is in the works.The victims did not know the suspects before the morning of the shooting, police spokeswoman Shell said.On Sunday, police closed Fifth Avenue between Cordova and Barrow streets for hours while APD crime scene investigators worked.The Kodiak was closed. An apparent bloodstain remained on the sidewalk near the corner of East Fifth Avenue and Barrow Street.Alaska NewsAnchorageMichelle Theriault Boots is a reporter who covers news and features about life in Alaska, and has been focusing on corrections and psychiatric care issues in the state. Contact her at mtheriault@adn.com."
46,76,188332,"September 6, 2014",Florida,Orlando,2015 Orange Blossom Trail,0,4,"http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-5-shot-drive-by-kwik-stop-gas-20140906,0,7824004.story","A drive-by shooting at a gas station on South Orange Blossom Trail early Saturday sent four people in their twenties to the hospital, officials said.The shooting happened just after 3 a.m. near the Kwik Stop's Kaley Avenue entrance, according to Orange County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Neil Mitchell.Officials say shots were fired at the group ""loitering"" near the gas station from a passing vehicle with multiple men inside.The victims were taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries, Sheriff's Office spokesman Jeff Williamson said.The shooting victims have been identified as Thomas May, 26, , Joseph Edwards, 28, , Demetria Childers, 27, and Roger Montgomery, 29.Deputies continue searching for the suspected gunmen, Williamson said.A description of the suspect's vehicle hasn't been released.""There was a description but we rather not put that out considering it may not be accurate,"" Mitchell said.Tiffany WaldenRecommended"
47,79,185430,"September 3, 2014",California,Los Angeles,East 27th and Stanford ,0,6,http://abc7.com/news/gunfire-erupts-again-in-south-la;-8-injured/294172/,WATCHVIDEOSGunfire erupts again in South LA; 8 injured
48,80,184507,"September 2, 2014",California,Highland,25000 block of Fifth Street ,0,5,http://www.pe.com/articles/shooting-749292-san-bernardino.html,"Trending:CORRECTION: In an earlier version of this story, the location of the shooting was incorrect.Five people were injured in an early morning shooting in Highland, an official said.The shooting was reported at 12:03 a.m. Tuesday at an apartment complex in the 25100 block of Fifth Street, according to a San Bernardino County sheriff’s news release.The four female victims and one male victim, all between the ages of 18 and 24, were hanging out in a garage when an unknown man walked up and opened fire, the release stated.The five victims were taken to Loma Linda University Medical Center. An 18-year-old woman was in critical condition, and a 21-year-old man was in moderate to critical condition, the release said.The gunman is at large and the motive is unknown.Contact the writer:psurowski@pe.com, 951-368-9567, follow him on Twitter at@PeterSurowskiandlike him on Facebook.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
49,85,180018,"August 24, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,8300 block of South Halsted Street,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20140824/auburn-gresham/auburn-gresham-lounge-shooting-leaves-one-dead-three-injured,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A 30-year-old man was fatally shot and three others were injured during a drive-by shooting at an Auburn Gresham lounge early Sunday.The men were in a lounge in the 8300 block of South Halsted Street around 2:35 a.m. when someone drove past in a light colored car and opened fire. A 30-year-old was shot in his chest and transported to Advocate Christ Medical Center in critical condition. He was later pronounced dead, said Officer Ana Pacheco, a Chicago police spokeswoman.The man was identified as James McCoy, of Peoria, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office.A 39-year-old man was also taken to Christ Hospital in stable condition after being shot in his buttocks. A 32-year-old man was shot in his chest and taken to Stroger in serious condition. A 41-year-old was shot in the ankle and in good condition at Little Company of Mary Hospital, Pacheco said.Police had been called to the club before the shooting — at 1 a.m. and 2:10 a.m. — for noise, theTribunereported. There were 200 to 300 people reportedly inside and outside the club when police responded the first two times, theTribunesaid.No one is in custody for the shooting.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
50,86,180580,"August 24, 2014",Georgia,Augusta,1013 Carrie Street,1,3,http://chronicle.augusta.com/news/crime-courts/2014-10-03/bond-set-carrie-street-homicide,
51,88,178425,"August 20, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1400 block of Briarcrest Lane,0,5,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/26340737/volunteers-fight-back-after-5-shot-in-frayser,"(WMC) - Volunteers turned out to take back their neighborhood Thursday.They hit the streets in Frayser after a shooting that left five people hurt. Like a swarm of bees, volunteers invaded the area clearing out blight and eliminating hiding places near Corning Avenue and Steele Street.""It looks different. So if it looks different, it feels different. And if it feels different, it must be different,"" said one person who lives in the area.The shootings offive men Wednesday nightat the nearby Corning Village Apartments actually brought people together for this positive event quickly organized by the nonprofit LifeLine 2 Success.The group's executive director, DeAndre Brown, told WMC Action News Five, ""It made me angry. Then it made me sad. Our children need to know our neighborhood is safe. They need to know adults will be adults and do the right thing and life is valuable""The Blight Patrol, which contracts with the city, provided services for free. The event ended with block party and cookout.Meanwhile, police have released no new information on what sparked the shooting that left five people injured.Four of the five victims have been released from the hospital, but one remains in critical condition.Copyright 2014 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
52,90,175911,"August 17, 2014",New York,Queens,153-38 118th Ave,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/4-Shot-Injured-South-Jamaica-Queens--271595281.html,"Police say four people were injured in a shooting early Sunday in Queens when two men got out of a car and fired more than 20 rounds at the victims.Two of the victims--a 27-year-old man who was shot in the back and a 26-year-old man who was shot in the chest--are in critical condition. The other two sustained less serious injuries: A 19-year-old man was wounded in the hand and a 23-year-old woman was wound in her stomach and hip.The shooting happened at 153-38 118th Ave. in South Jamaica shortly before 6 a.m., according to the NYPD. Police say the unknown shooters fled the scene in a black-and-silver Audi.All four of the victims were taken to Jamaica Hospital."
53,94,175779,"August 16, 2014",New Jersey,Plainfield,West 3rd Street and Monroe Avenue,1,3,http://7online.com/266123/,"WATCHLIVEBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.The Countdown: Biden faces added pressure on immigration, Cuomo under fire over bookMurder case against ex-cop in George Floyd's death goes to juryTeachers' Union endorses Scott Stringer for NYC mayor"
54,97,174544,"August 13, 2014",Tennessee,Clarksville,Treeland Drive,0,4,http://www.theleafchronicle.com/story/news/local/clarksville/2014/08/15/man-shot-dead-police-increase-patrols/14119253/,"CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. – Two men were shot dead and six people were injured in four separate shootings in only five days, leading Clarksville police to ramp up patrols this weekend and ask some businesses to close early.As of Friday evening, no arrests had been made in any of the cases.The latest shooting came Thursday night. Shortly after 9 p.m. Clarksville police were called to the 100 block of Chapel Street, where they found 24-year-old Fran Daniel Caratini of Clarksville on the ground behind one of the apartments.Caratini, called ""Frankie"" by his friends, died at the scene. He did not live in the apartment complex and it was unclear why he was there.On Wednesday, six people were injured in two separate shootings just four hours apart. Clarksville Police Department spokeswoman Natalie Hall said police had no definitive evidence Friday that any of the shootings were related.Victim linked to slain manLast Sunday, another Clarksville man — the uncle of Caratini's young son — was also found shot to death.Andre Mitchell, 27, of Clarksville was found dead in the backseat of a vehicle behind a Waffle House on Fort Campbell Boulevard in Clarksville on Aug. 10, according to a CPD press release. At about the same time, Oak Grove Police responded to a call of shots fired at Club Gravity and found shell casings in the area. That case remains unsolved.Clarksville bail bondsman Jamie Kojac Thomas said Caratini came to see him just two hours before his death Thursday because he had failed to appear in court on a DUI charge on Tuesday. Thomas could have locked him up because a bench warrant had been issued, but Caratini told him that he had arranged through his attorney to appear in court Friday.Caratini had his young son with him and told Thomas that the boy's uncle had been murdered last week.""He said his baby's mama's brother was the one found dead (Sunday),"" Thomas said. ""That kind of floored me.""Caratini asked Thomas not to lock him up Thursday night and promised he would appear in court Friday. Thomas said Caratini was a repeat client, and he had posted bond for him over the years on charges ranging from aggravated assault to speeding. Most of the charges were alcohol related, he said. Caratini was scheduled for a violation of probation hearing Sept. 8.He said he had become friendly with Caratini over the years and was upset when he got the call about his death. Caratini had two children, he said.Clarksville Police have not said there is a gang connection.Extra patrolsPolice Chief Al Ansley said there will be extra patrols this weekend ""in specific areas of interest"" to prevent further violence.""We are on top of it,"" he said Friday afternoon. ""We have extra people on the street. We know what's going on ... We are being proactive to all the violence.""He said a number of businesses agreed to help police by closing early this weekend. He did not name the businesses, but said he appreciates their cooperation.All of the shootings remain under investigation.Detectives went door to door at the apartments on Chapel Street on Friday, talking to people who live in the apartment complex.'Too much drama'A number of small groups gathered on porches outside to talk to one another Friday, but while several said they knew Caritini, or ""Frankie"" as they called him, no one saw what happened.A man who asked not to be identified said his girlfriend heard a gunshot Thursday night and he went outside to find Caritini laying on the ground at the corner of an apartment building. His young step-daughter saw the man too, but by then a number of other people had come outside to see what was happening, he said.""I heard the commotion going on and when I came out, he was just laying there,"" the man said.He said he did not know who shot Caritini, a man he knew only in passing.Karen Judge said she arrived home after police arrived Thursday night and was worried only about the safety of her two granddaughters who are spending the summer with her.""I stay to myself because there's too much drama,"" she said. ""I don't bother nobody and nobody bothers me.""Six shot on WednesdayPolice were busy Wednesday with two separate shootings that injured six people.Two men were injured after gunfire was apparently exchanged between two vehicles on Caldwell Lane and Edmondson Ferry Road. A light-colored sedan and black sedan were seen driving on Edmondson Ferry Road as a woman heard continuous gunfire at about 4:44 p.m., according to a police report.A few minutes later, three men were found in a light-colored Toyota Camry sedan stopped at the intersection of Emory and Stafford streets shortly before 5 p.m., and two of them had been shot.Front seat passenger Christopher Fletcher, 28, was shot in his left shoulder. Backseat passenger Christopher Harris' head was grazed by a bullet. Both were taken to Gateway Medical Center for treatment.The driver, Shawnquavi Kelly, 22, was not injured.Police found a handgun inside the car, along with a small amount of marijuana, according to police reports.About four hours later, four people were shot on Treeland Drive after the driver of a white Ford pickup opened fire on a Cadillac parked in front of a home at about 8:55 p.m.. The Ford F-150 and a white car that was driving behind it both took off at a high rate of speed toward Trenton Road.Taylor Barger, 20, of Clarksville was shot in her leg and hip. She was found laying on the ground about 10 feet from the home. Donavon Smith, 27, was shot in his upper left leg. A 16-year-old was shot in one finger while looking out his bedroom window. Lacy McIntire, 21, was shot in her left calf, according to police reports. All were taken to Gateway Medical Center for treatment.According to a police report, the Cadillac Fleetwood sustained the majority of damage from the gunfire. Bullet holes were also found throughout the home.Police found 24 shell casings on Trenton Road. The police report lists the type of weapon used as a rifle.Police seek helpThe Clarksville Police is asking anyone with any information on Caratini's case or Mitchell's case to contact Detective Chris Nolder at 648-0656, ext. 5341.Anyone with information about the Caldwell Lane shooting is asked to call Detective Nick Newman 648-0656, ext. 5340, or Detective David Bramel at ext. 5161.Anyone with information about the shooting on Treeland Drive can call Detective Dennis Honholt at ext. 5260 or Detective Kagan Dindar at ext. 5434.To remain anonymous, call the Crime Stoppers TIPS Hotline at 931-645-TIPS (8477).Stephanie Ingersoll, 245-0267City government and crimesingersoll@theleafchronicle.comTwitter: @StephLeaf"
55,98,175767,"August 13, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,New Orleans and North Rocheblave streets,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/08/four_injured_in_7th_ward_shoot.html#incart_river,"NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A 16-year-old boy is in critical condition following a shooting that left three others injured late Wednesday night (Aug. 13) in the city's7thWard, New Orleans police said.The teenager was riding in a car driven by a 19-year-old man when an unknown gunman opened fire sometime around 10:40 p.m. near the intersection of New Orleans and North Rocheblave streets, according toNOPDspokeswoman Officer Hilal Williams.The younger man was shot in the stomach and back, Williams said, while the 19-year-old was hit in the ankle and managed to drive the pair to an area hospital.The shooting also left a 22-year-old man with gunshot wounds to his leg and thigh, as well as a 59-year-old man with a graze wound to his back, Williams said. Those injuries were not life threatening.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
56,101,172304,"August 10, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,5400 block of Burgundy St,2,5,http://www.thenewsstar.com/story/news/local/louisiana/2017/03/02/mom-copes-stress-after-childrens-bodies-ripped-apart-bullets/98653962/,"A family affected by a drive-by shooting describes how the experience affects their lives long after the initial bullet wounds heal.NEW ORLEANS — It was a shooting that grabbed the headlines on TV newscasts and in newspapers. In August 2014, there was a breaking news flash that two were dead and five wounded in a drive-by shooting in the Lower 9th Ward.Later, more breaking news came as the NOPD caught five suspects. Then over the years, the suspects wound their way through the criminal justice system and courts. Afterwards, the headlines stopped.Behind the breaking news banners of the past are lives forever changed. There's a first grader who now has to feel the furniture and walls to get to his room.""I was wondering why I couldn't see anything when I first woke up,"" said Kyle Romain, remembering his time in the hospital after the gunfire hit him.When it happened, Kyle had just started kindergarten and was just playing on the front porch with his siblings after school. His mom stepped out to ask what they wanted for dinner. That's the last image he would ever see.""I birthed five healthy kids and for you to take that from me, take my son's eyesight, take my other son and had a piece of skull missing, I don't feel like it's fair, you know.  It's not God's creation. It's man, so it hurts me to my heart every day,"" said Alanna Romain.READ MORE:Voices: Another view on gun violence|Community members unite, pray to end gun violence in LafayetteKyle is just one face behind the 'five wounded' headline. The barrage of bullets, intended for someone else, took his sight. Because they were destroyed, doctors had to remove his eyeballs.""I asked them what blind was. I was afraid, like what if I couldn't walk around and I couldn't even know which I do, or where should I go,"" Kyle said.Also playing on the front porch was Kyle's little half brother, Jamal. He was shot in the head.""They shot my brain when I was two,"" Jamal Riley, 4, said.Jamal has had multiple surgeries. A piece of his skull was removed. A metal plate now replaces the hole that was left. He has moved to Texas to be with his father. That arrangement helps give the boys the extra attention they need, by dividing up the care. He misses his brothers and sisters. His dad quietly sheds tears about Jamal's memory being terribly off, how he cries a lot and doesn't use his right arm and leg well.""It's senseless. It's just kind of like, it makes no sense. You've altered an entire family just period. For what? Like these kids will never, ever, ever be the same,"" said a sorrowful John Riley Jr., who is Jamal's dad.Their teen sister has permanent knee damage from a bullet and can't do the extracurricular activities and athletics she used to. She now has to use crutches when her knee swells up.Alanna is struggling, physically with pain from multiple gun shots to the abdomen and leg, emotionally from the stress and financially. Without the stamina to work her certified nurse assistant job and restaurant jobs, she fears not having money for rent.RELATED:Vigil held for artist caught in the crossfire of Bourbon Street shooting""I've been working since I left my parent's house at 17, always taking care of my kids. Single mother. No child support. No Section 8. No welfare. It's always been me working, taking care of mine,"" said Alanna.The family had to leave their 9th Ward home. Alanna said she's never received any victim's assistance money and only Kyle gets disability. Her dad and stepmother now are helping as caretakers. Her mother, Barbara, was helping, but during all this stress suffered a stroke and stopped talking.""I'm taking care of her too on top of everything that's on my plate. It's really a lot,"" said Alanna, trembling.""Emotionally, it's been just really, really devastating and it continues to be a strain because it's like, this doesn't go away. This continues, as they grow they ask questions,"" said Pamela Hill-Romain, Alanna's stepmother.Kyle loves to read and is already on his way to being proficient in Braille.Through all this hardship, it's the strength and resilience seen through his heart, that keeps Alanna going.""In the beginning, all I did was cry every time I saw him because I'm not used to seeing him with no eyes, you know,"" Alanna said. ""He got me to the point where he started asking me, 'Mama, what are you crying for? He's like, 'If I ain't crying, you don't need to be crying.'""When Jamal comes to visit Kyle they love to play. Even though the shooting caused the boys to live apart, they have an unbreakable bond. In the hospital, they reached over and held hands, and at first, only talked to each other. Kyle taught himself to do many things on his own and doesn't understand why he can't play football with the big boys. He craves just to be normal.""I just don't like when people ask me about my eyes and ask me, 'Can you, can't see?'  Because, it kind of makes me, like, mad because sometimes I don't like people asking me that,"" Kyle stressed.When Kyle and Jamal went to one of the accused's trials, there wasn't a dry eye on the jury. Their mother had a message when it comes to settling disputes with violence.""People need to learn to take responsibility for their actions,"" she said. ""Think before you do. And I don't feel like taking someone's life is the answer to nothing.""But Kyle's message is to people who see him as disabled.""Because even though I can't see, doesn't mean I can't read or write or walk around or go to the bathroom or go to my room,"" Kyle said.Now, adding to the stress, the family's home is damaged by last month's tornado.You can help by donating to the 'Kyle and Alanna Romain' account at any Whitney Bank or by donating atgofundme.com/eye-surgery-for-Kyle-romain."
57,102,172205,"August 10, 2014",District of Columbia,Washington,50 block of N St SW,0,6,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/six-injured-in-shooing-in-southwest-dc/2014/08/10/01dcb296-20a0-11e4-86ca-6f03cbd15c1a_story.html,"D.C. police are investigating a shooting in Southwest that left three men and three women injured early Sunday morning, police said.The shooting occurred around 1:47 a.m. in the unit block of N Street Southwest, said Officer Paul Metcalf. All the victims suffered non-fatal gunshot wounds, and four were taken to a local hospital. The other two walked in later Sunday morning for medical treatment.No further information on the victims or possible suspects was disclosed. No arrests have been made.Get updates on your area delivered via e-mailGet updates on your area delivered via e-mail"
58,105,171802,"August 9, 2014",Minnesota,Minneapolis,400 3rd Ave N,1,8,http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2014/09/25/man-dies-6-weeks-after-shooting-at-400-soundbar/,"MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)– A 27-year-old Bloomington man died on Sunday, about six weeks after being shot in an incident at a downtown Minneapolis nightclub.Minneapolis Police say the shooting happened at about 1:40 a.m. on Aug. 8 at 400 Soundbar, located on the 400 block of 3rd Avenue North. That’s the same incident that sent nine people to the hospital, including Minnesota Vikings defensive lineman Linval Joseph. He suffered a minor gunshot wound to the calf.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner identified the victim Thursday as Dion Darnell Nathaniel Toney. Authorities said he died of complications from multiple gunshot wounds and his manner of death was a homicide. He was pronounced dead late Sunday night.The bar has been closed since the shooting. Minneapolis police said the gunman had an intended target and that they believe the incident was gang-related."
59,106,173786,"August 8, 2014",District of Columbia,Washington,2nd St NE and Todd Pl NE,0,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/in-dc-weekend-gunfire-kills-1-wounds-12/2014/08/10/1b942df8-20f6-11e4-8593-da634b334390_story.html,"At least 13 people were shot in the District in five incidents spread over all quadrants of the city between Friday night and Sunday morning, police said. One shooting was fatal, and another came during a carjacking.Six people, three men and three women, were wounded in one incident, which occurred early Sunday on N Street SW, just west of South Capitol Street.Four people were shot just before midnight Friday night in Northeast at Second Street and Todd Place.In the carjacking, a man was shot and wounded about 2:45 a.m. Sunday in the 2300 block of Hartford Street SE. Another shooting occurred in Southeast about 1 a.m. Saturday in the 2000 block of Savannah Terrace.The homicide occurred about 11 p.m. Friday near Quebec Place and Warder Street NW.No connections were apparent among the incidents.Get updates on your area delivered via e-mailGet updates on your area delivered via e-mail"
60,107,171778,"August 8, 2014",Wisconsin,Milwaukee,3000 block of N. 28th Street ,0,4,http://fox6now.com/2014/08/09/milwaukee-police-six-shot-injured-in-three-separate-shooting-incidents/,"MILWAUKEE (WITI) -- Milwaukee police are investigating three separate shooting incidents that occurred late Friday night, August 8th and early Saturday morning, August 9th. Police say six people sustained injuries as a result of the shootings.The first shooting incident occurred in the 2700 block of N. 23rd Street (23rd and Center) around 10:52 p.m.23rd and Center shooting sceneAccording to police, a 27-year-old Milwaukee man suffered a non life-threatening gunshot wound during an ongoing neighborhood dispute.He was taken to the hospital for treatment.Police say there are currently no suspects in custody -- and the incident remains under investigation.The second shooting incident occurred in the 3000 block of N. 28th Street (28th and Chambers) around 11:43 p.m.28th Street shooting scenePolice say officers on patrol in a marked squad car heard the sound of gunshots and located two shooting victims running from the scene. Police say two other victims were located in a parking lot of a nearby business.The victims, a 19-year-old male and three 17-year-old females, were taken to the hospital for treatment of non life-threatening wounds.While on scene, officers were able to identify a possible suspect who was arrested at a residence nearby.The circumstances surrounding this shooting are still under investigation.The third shooting incident occurred in the 4000 block of N. Fond du Lac Avenue (40th and Fond du Lac) around 1:10 a.m.According to police, a 39-year-old West Allis woman suffered a single, non life-threatening gunshot wound during an armed robbery.She was taken to the hospital by a friend for treatment.Police say there are no suspects in custody -- and the investigation into this matter is ongoing.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
61,108,171823,"August 8, 2014",New Mexico,Albuquerque,3426 Vassar NE,1,3,http://www.kob.com/article/stories/s3528433.shtml,"Please try the search option in the top menu or select a category below.Contact|Public Files & EEO|Careers|AdvertisingFCC Public Inspection Files:|KOB|KOBF|KOBRAny person with disabilities who needs help accessing the content of the FCC Public File may contact KOB via our online form or call 505-243-4411.FCC Applications|Privacy Policy|Terms of Use|DMCA Notice|Do Not Sell My Info|Contest Rules|Site MapThis website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.©KOB-TV, LLCA Hubbard Broadcasting Company"
62,112,168551,"August 3, 2014",Texas,Humble,3403 FM 1960,0,7,http://www.chron.com/neighborhood/spring/news/article/7-injured-in-shooting-outside-Spring-club-5665606.php,"Seven people are recovering after an argument escalated into a shooting early Sunday in the parking lot of a club in Spring.Investigators estimate 30 to 40 shots were fired in an overflow parking lot across the street from a ""Teen Night"" event Saturday at the Boss NightClub and Sports Bar on FM 1960.Based on early witness statements, two groups left the club arguing, continuing the verbal dispute in the neighboring parking lot. One person facing away from the club pulled a pistol and started firing, officials said. A person from the other group, who was facing the club, pulled out his own pistol and fired back, bullets crossing the street to shatter the windows of a shopping center and to strike parked cars.""We don't know if they were bystanders or participating in the fight,"" saidThomas Gilliland, a spokesman for the Harris County Sheriff's Office.Some people fled the shooting, running back across the street toward the club. The shooters left the scene in unidentified vehicles.Two men ages 20 and 27 were transported toMemorial Hermann Hospitalin critical but stable condition, two men ages 19 and 23 were treated atBen Tauband three men drove themselves toNorthwest Hospital, Gilliland said. An eighth man was treated for other wounds, but had not been shot. All are expected to survive.Gilliland said details of the shooting, such as its cause and a description of the get-away vehicles, remain under investigation.""We had 60 witnesses we had to get statements from,"" he said. ""Hopefully we find someone who saw something happen and hopefully we'll find out who these guys are.""Jayme Fraser covers government and growth in Katy and Fort Bend. She has worked at the Houston Chronicle since 2012, writing about city government, religion, housing and homelessness. Before coming to Texas, she reported on state and tribal governments, social services, higher education and other topics at dailies throughout the Northwest."
63,116,168169,"August 2, 2014",Massachusetts,New Bedford,Acushnet Avenue,0,7,http://bostonherald.com/news_opinion/local_coverage/2014/08/7_shot_after_argument_outside_new_bedford_bar,"GET BREAKING NEWS IN YOUR BROWSER. CLICK HERE TO TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS.XTrending:An argument outside a New Bedford bar early this morning escalated and ended with seven people shot, according to police.The shootings happened outside Jalice Cafe on Acushnet Avenue around 1:30 a.m., New Bedford police said in a statement.Two people were found shot on the street — one with a gunshot wound to the elbow and one to the leg, police said. Five more people who were shot in the lower leg went to St. Luke’s Hospital on their own. All seven people — four men and three women — suffered non-life-threatening injuries, police said.Police said there was a large crowd at the bar attending a DJ-promoted event. Police said initial reports suggest a customer came out of the bar and found a drink on his car, and slapped it away. The drink hit another person, which led to a shoving match and eventually shots were fired. At least 10 shots were fired, some of which hit a nearby business, police said.All of the victims were in their 20s with the exception of a man who was 19, police said.It is unclear if the assailants suffered injuries, or if more than one gun was used. There have been no arrests.Police said the chief and mayor “will be pushing for swift action from the liquor licensing board.”Sign up for email newsletters"
64,118,167649,"August 1, 2014",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,1500 block of South Etting Street,1,3,http://6abc.com/news/suspect-arrested-in-fatal-shooting-of-3-year-old/234850/,"WATCHLIVEVIDEO: Suspect arrested in child murderChild killed ID'd, 3 wounded in Grays Ferry shooting"
65,119,176329,"July 30, 2014",North Carolina,Hope Mills,5109 New Moon Dr,3,4,https://abc11.com/news/911-calls-detail-horror-of-shooting-rampage/233379/,WATCHLIVE911 Calls detail horror of shooting rampage
66,120,165856,"July 28, 2014",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,4900 block of North Front Street,1,4,http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2014/07/28/5-people-shot-1-fatally-outside-feltonville-home/,"PHILADELPHIA (CBS)– Police say one person is dead after a gunman opened fire early Monday morning, shooting five people in the Feltonville neighborhood of Philadelphia.This happened just after midnight on the front porch of a home located on the 4900 block of North Front Street.Police say one of the victims, a 20-year-old, died at the hospital. Another victim is in extremely critical condition while the other three are suffering from non-life threatening injuries.There’s no word yet on a suspect or motive."
67,124,163930,"July 26, 2014",Georgia,Sylvester,Royal Street,0,8,https://bangordailynews.com/2014/11/18/news/portland/saco-man-who-killed-family-self-had-stopped-taking-antidepressants-because-h,"Bangor Daily NewsMaine news, sports, politics, election results, and obituariesSACO, Maine — In the 13 months before police say he murdered his family and then killed himself, Joel Smith repeatedly visited doctors seeking help for stress and anxiety, but stopped taking prescribed medication because he lost his insurance, according to documents released this week by the state medical examiner’s office.The night of July 26, police say Smith, 33, shot his wife, 35-year-old Heather Smith, 12-year-old stepson Jason Montez, and biological children Noah Montez, 7, and Lily Smith, 4, with a shotgun before turning the weapon on himself in the family’s Saco apartment.On Monday, the medical examiner’s office released its reports on all five individuals in response to a Freedom of Access Act request filed by the Bangor Daily News in August.According to an account by Saco police officer Megan Tibbetts that accompanied the reports, Joel Smith was angry at his wife for staying out until 10:30 p.m. on the night in question, drinking with neighbors in the Water Street apartment complex where they lived.Within the next hour, neighbors said they heard what sounded like fireworks going off.Heather Smith had recently returned to the apartment after treatment for heroin and oxycodone abuse, Tibbetts’ account read, in part. Three days before the incident, on a Wednesday, Joel and Heather Smith went to pick up the three children from their paternal grandfather, with whom they’d been staying during Heather’s rehabilitation stint.The night before the crime, Heather Smith passed a drug test, but abruptly left a group therapy session halfway through the meeting with no explanation. Police would later report that on the same night, Joel Smith threatened suicide, although it is unclear whether, or in what way, the two circumstances are related.According to the medical examiner’s report, Joel Smith had visited doctors at least four times between June 2013 and February 2014 seeking help for stress and anxiety, among other things. Those visits came on the heels of what the report suggested were numerous previous attempts to seek medical help since 2008, when Smith told doctors he lost his job and his anxiety became “intolerable.”“He had done well on [the antidepressant] sertraline, but lost his insurance and had not been taking sertraline for several months. His anxiety had returned with panic symptoms, obsessive worrying and difficulty sleeping,” read the medical examiner’s recounting of Joel Smith’s Feb. 28 appointment with his primary care physician. “He rarely drank and denied recreational drugs. He denied depression and suicidal and homicidal ideation. The impression was generalized anxiety and panic disorder. Sertraline, 50 mg daily, was prescribed. He was to return in one month. There were no further visits.”The report did not indicate why he lost his insurance or whether he regained coverage, but by July 26, Joel Smith was apparently not using any antidepressants. The medical examiner’s office found only cotinine, a byproduct of tobacco use, in his system.The medical examiner’s office found what it called “a therapeutic level” of hydrocodone in Heather Smith’s system, as well as a peripheral blood alcohol content of 0.23.Much of the rest of the reports released Monday support state and local police accounts in the immediate aftermath of the incident.The three children who were home at the time died of two shotgun shots apiece. The youngest, 4-year-old Lily, was found in bed next to her mother in what appeared to be the master bedroom.Heather Smith and Joel Smith each died of a single shotgun wound to the head.Police have surmised that Joel Smith, who was found beside the master bed next to the murder weapon, killed Jason Montez and Noah Montez in their bedrooms before continuing to the master bedroom, where he shot Lily Smith twice, Heather Smith once and then himself.Joel and Heather Smith had been together 12 years, and moved from Arizona to Maine approximately four years ago.Seth has nearly a decade of professional journalism experience and writes about the greater Portland region.More by Seth Koenig"
68,125,163874,"July 25, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,700 S California Ave,1,6,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2015/10/01/three-charged-in-2014-west-side-shooting-that-left-teen-dead-6-injured/,"CHICAGO (STMW) —Three men were charged in a July 2014 shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood that left a 13-year-old boy dead and six other people wounded.Anthony Harris, Anthony Lyons and Joshua Almore, all 23, each face one count of first-degree murder and six counts of attempted first-degree murder in connection with a shooting on July 25 2014 in the 700 block of South California, police said.About 6 p.m., 13-year-old Samuel Walker was standing outside with six other people — three of whom were also teen boys — when they were shot, police said at the time. Walker, who lived nearby in the 3000 block of West Flournoy, was shot in the head and pronounced dead 20 minutes later, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office.A 15-year-old boy was shot in the right foot and three 14-year-old boys were each shot in the left leg, police said. A 21-year-old man was shot in the right leg and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition, police said.A 25-year-old man suffered a graze wound to the abdomen and was treated at the scene, police said.Harris, of the 1600 block of South Komensky, Lyons, of the 1200 block of South Harding, and Almore, of the 6800 block of South Ridgeland, are scheduled to appear in bond court Thursday.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
69,126,162687,"July 23, 2014",Pennsylvania,Braddock,700 block of Hickory St,0,4,http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2014/07/23/at-least-2-shot-in-north-braddock/,"NORTH BRADDOCK (KDKA) — Police are investigating a shooting that left multiple people wounded Wednesday afternoon in North Braddock.The gunfire broke out just before 3:30 p.m. in the 700-block of Hickory Street.Police say it appears the victims, four young men who have not yet been identified, were on the front porch of a white home when a car drove up, possibly two people got out and began firing before they jumped back in the car and drove away.Investigators are hoping someone saw the vehicle and can give them a description.According to police, this shooting may be related to one earlier in the day in Rankin.“We believe this is directly related to an earlier shooting in Rankin this morning. This is probably going to be the retaliation shooting,” said Lt. Andrew Schurman, of Allegheny County Police. “Mid-morning on Patterson Avenue in Rankin, there was a young man shot. Again, he was taken to a local area hospital listed in stable condition.”(Photo Credit: NewsChopper 2/KDKA)Allegheny County emergency crews were called to the scene. Multiple police departments were also on scene into the evening collecting evidence, including North Braddock, East Pittsburgh and Allegheny County Police.One neighbor reportedly heard screaming and as many as six gunshots.“I heard gunshots,” said Katherine Gee, a neighbor. “I heard about six of them. Not too long after I heard it, I heard people screaming and hollering. But I didn’t know exactly where it was coming from, but as soon as they came around the bend, everyone came out. After that, it’s been chaos ever since.”Another neighbor reported hearing between 13 to 15 shots.There’s no word of any arrests in the incident.All four victims are listed in stable condition at various local hospitals.Meanwhile, Allegheny County Police believe a report of shots fired Wednesday evening in Rankin is connected to the North Braddock shooting as well.Witnesses saw a man leaning out of one car firing shots at another.(Photo Credit: KDKA)It happened near Hawkins Village.Police inspected two vehicles, one of which had the windows shot out; however, there are no reports that anyone was injured.Housing Authority Police detained five people. It remains to be seen what charges they may face.Allegheny County Police are trying to sort it all out, but they believe it’s the latest in a day long back and forth of shots fired that are probably connected.The investigation continues.Stay with KDKA for the latest on this developing story.RELATED LINKS:More North Braddock NewsMore Local NewsJoin The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook PageStay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter"
70,127,161302,"July 21, 2014",New Jersey,Irvington,36 Welland Avenue,0,6,http://www.nj.com/essex/index.ssf/2014/07/six_injured_after_fight_ends_in_gunfire_in_irvington_police_say.html#incart_river,"Screen Shot 2014-07-21 at 3.56.19 PM.pngSix people were shot during a large fight in Irvington Sunday afternoon, according to police.(Google Maps)IRVINGTON— Six people were injured after a large fight escalated into a shootout Sunday afternoon, according to police.Sgt. Patrick Brennan of the Irvington police said officers arrived at 36 Welland Avenue at around 3:08 p.m. to investigate a report of a large fight when they found a woman suffering from a gunshot wound to her leg.As officers canvassed the area, they located five additional male victims, all of whom had also been shot in the arms or legs, Brennan said.All were taken to area hospitals to be treated for the injuries, which were not deemed to be life-threatening.Brennan said police have not been able to discern how the fight began or whether one or more people may have been responsible for the shootings. No arrests have been made, though he said detectives are pursuing “strong leads” in the case.Anyone with information on the incident is asked to contact Irvington police at (973) 399-6603.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
71,133,159291,"July 13, 2014",District of Columbia,Washington,1700 block of Lincoln Rd NE,0,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/man-fatally-shot-sunday-night-becoming-the-third-slaying-victim-of-the-day-in-dc/2014/07/14/c9f70ccc-0b6f-11e4-b8e5-d0de80767fc2_story.html,"Two Maryland men who wereshot and killed in a carin the District’s Bloomingdale neighborhood early Sunday were attacked by a passenger who opened fire without provocation, according to a witness account described in court papers.The witness, who was one of five people in the blue Honda Accord, told police that the suspect used a silver handgun and that he “pulled the trigger and stated ‘bang’ every time he fired the gun,” according to a police affidavit filed in D.C. Superior Court.The vehicle crashed into a barrier wall about 1:15 a.m. at North Capitol and T streets in Northwest. A third person who was wounded was being treated at an area hospital Monday.Authorities said they weren’t sure whether the shootings are related to an incident Sunday night in which four people were wounded by gunfire two blocks away, in the 1700 block of Lincoln Road NE, in neighboring Eckington.Another fatal shooting Sunday night, in Southeast, brought the day’s death toll to three in the District.The North Capitol Street shooting claimed the lives of Donchell Thomas, 21, of Montgomery Village, and Derek Price, 20, of District Heights. Police said they died at two District hospitals — one Sunday morning, the other Sunday night.D.C. police said they arrested Jimmie Fleming, 36, of Northwest, and charged him with two counts of first-degree murder. He lives in Bloomingdale, about three blocks from where the car crashed. Police said he was arrested at his home, where they found a Redskins jersey and a leg brace a witness said he was wearing in the car. Police said they also found a bag of ammunition.The police affidavit supporting the arrest says the witness told detectives that “no one was talking prior to the gun being fired.” The witness said one person who was not shot passed out, and another passenger was crying over his mortally wounded friend, the driver.D.C. police said they have not learned a possible motive.Teri Janine Quinn, president of the Bloomingdale Civic Association, said she is pleased with the police presence in the area and that police made a quick arrest.She said she doesn’t believe the shootings are related to the neighborhood, which is several blocks north of Truxton Circle, where there have been several shootings this year.“The two victims who died both had addresses in Maryland,” Quinn said. “That gives you a sense that they might know each other and just happened to be here when they got caught up with something. Still, it’s really concerning, but I don’t think people are just coming here shooting at Bloomingdale residents.”The other fatal shooting Sunday occurred about 10:30 p.m. in the 3500 block of Sixth Street SE in Congress Heights. Police identified the victim as Delonte Hemphill, 22, of Southeast. No other information was immediately released."
72,135,158589,"July 13, 2014",Connecticut,Stamford,84 West Park Place,0,5,http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Five-Shot-Outside-Stamford-Nightclub-266931631.html,"A man accused of opening fire outside a Stamford, Connecticut, nightclub Sunday, injuring five people, after an altercation over a woman appeared in court on Monday, where a state's attorney called him a ""serious risk to the community.""Stamford police arrested Dayron Wills, 22, who they said admitted being involved in the shooting in the parking lot of Tino's Nightclub at 84 West Park Place in Stamford.The shooting victims have been identified as Stephanie Riccoio, Clay Williams, Domingo Ramos, Michael Palomba and Darren Bornet. Latoya Williams and Jean Prosper sustained other injuries during the conflict, authorities said.According to Stamford Mayor David Martin, Tino's owner agreed to voluntarily shutter the club and forfeit its liquor license. Signs will come down tomorrow, and the clubs will no longer hold promoted private parties.Tino's will likely reopen under a new name, but Martin said the kind of behavior that took place over the weekend ""will not be tolerated"" and the city will increase its police presence at upcoming events.Martin said the agreement comes as the result of a meeting among area restaurant owners, public safety officials and officials from the Stamford Downtown Special Services District, a local non-profit responsible for managing and promoting the city's downtown area.Wills appeared in court Monday. His attorney claims Wills acted in self defense, but the states attorney called him a ""serious risk to the community.""Police released video footage that a witness took of the shooting and are asking for other witnesses to come forward with information.The video shows a man in a red shirt, who police say is Wills, pulling a gun out in a crowded parking lot and several people ducking for cover as the man fired successive shots. Witnesses posted the video on social media and police have the footage in evidence, police said.Wills pulled his gun on another person he got into an altercation with and fired shots at the individual, he told police.Police received reports of a shooting at about 1:38 a.m. July 13. Responding officers heard gunshots being fired as they arrived at what they described as a ""chaotic scene"" and discovered five people who were shot.Four men and one woman were taken to an area hospital to be treated for gunshot wounds ""to their upper and lower extremities,"" police said. The injuries appear to be non-life threatening, police said.It's not clear whether the person Wills got into a dispute with was one of the wounded or one of the people in the video, police said. The shooting remains under investigation.Wills told police he discarded his .40-caliber handgun near the Atlantic Street and Bank Street intersection, which was where people found it. Police said that Wills has a valid pistol permit and that he is legally registered to carry the gun that was used in the shooting.When police found Wills, they also seized ""a small amount of marijuana"" that he had on him.Stamford police charged Wills with five counts of first-degree assault, first-degree reckless endangerment, unlawful discharge of a firearm and possession of marijuana.Police held him on a $1 million bond. When Wills appeared in Stamford Superior Court on Monday, his attorney asked the judge to delay setting bond, but the judge denied the request and kept bond at $1 million.Stamford police notified the State's Attorney's Office about the incident.The Stamford Police Department said that there were several witnesses to the shooting and are asking for the public's help in the investigation. Anyone with information should call the Stamford Police Detective Bureau at 203-977-4417."
73,136,157857,"July 12, 2014",California,Pasadena,1700 block of Summit Avenue,3,2,http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Community-Mourns-Man-Slain-in-Pasadena-266962861.html,"Neighbors and community members in Pasadena Sunday mourned the death of a man they called a pillar of the Hispanic community there, gunned down along with his daughter and a good Samaritan in his home on Summit Avenue.Friends said Luis Aguiar was 91-years-old, and a leader in the community at St. Elizabeth of Hungary Catholic Church, where he was instrumental to bringing the first Spanish language mass in the 1980s.Churchgoer Laura Prieto fought back tears while pointing out Aguilar’s regular pew.Top news of the day“We’re not going to see him there no more and it just hurts,” she said. “It hurts real bad.”A native of Mexico, Aguiar lived with his daughter, Maria Theresa, who took care of him.“He was very loved by every one of us and he’s going to be in our hearts forever,” another friend told NBC4.John Izael Smith, 44, reportedly rented from Aguiar, and after a rent dispute allegedly shot both Maria Teresa and Luis with an assault rifle Saturday.He also shot and killed a man in his 20s who ran to help the father and daughter. He has not been identified.“I just can’t believe it,” neighbor Juan Uribe said.Luis Aguiar was remembered at the church as a man of strong faith, who said special prayers on the twelfth of each month for Our Virgin of Guadalupe.Freddy Duran pointed out that Aguiar died July 12.“”Even in these tragedies, God plans how,” he said."
74,137,157580,"July 11, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,5200 West Quincy Street,1,3,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/07/12/2-dead-18-wounded-in-weekend-shootings/,"(STMW)–Three people were killed and at least 22 others have been wounded in shootings across the city since Friday evening.The most recent fatal shooting happened Saturday afternoon on the North Side.William Lewis, 28, was standing on the street in the 1300 block of West Devon Avenue about 3:20 p.m. when someone approached on foot, produced a weapon and shot him in the back, police said.Lewis, of the 4700 block of North Hermitage Avenue, was taken to Presence Saint Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he was pronounced dead at 3:58 p.m., authorities said.Police said the shooting may have been gang-related.Early Saturday, a 50-year-old woman was seriously injured and her son was killed in a domestic-related shooting in a Chicago Lawn neighborhood apartment on the Southwest Side.About 1:15 a.m., a 47-year-old man got into an argument with a mother and son in the 6200 block of South Rockwell Street, left the apartment, then returned with a gun and shot both people in the chest, police said.Adarrius Thompson, 27, was dead at the scene, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office. He lived in the block where the shooting happened, authorities said.His mother was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition, police said.The exact relationship between the 47-year-old — who is not in police custody — and the two others was not immediately known, police said.Friday night, a man was killed and three other people were injured in a possible drive-by shooting shortly after 8 p.m. in the Austin neighborhood.The shooting happened in the 5200 block of West Quincy Street, police said.Damien Bryant, 32, was shot in the head and pronounced dead at the scene at 8:13 p.m., according to police and the medical examiner’s office. Bryant lived in the block where the shooting happened, authorities said.A 30-year-old woman who suffered multiple gunshot wounds in the shooting showed up at Loretto Hospital and was later transferred to Stroger Hospital in “stable” condition, police said.Another male, whose age was not known, was shot in the right arm and refused medical treatment, police said. He did not cooperate with authorities, police said.A 41-year-old man took himself to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park with a gunshot wound to his hand, police said. He was listed in “stable” condition.Additionally, a 37-year-old man was taken from the scene of the shooting to West Suburban with a broken foot, police said. He was listed in good condition.Police believe the shooting may have been a drive-by attack.The most recent nonfatal shooting happened about 1:15 a.m. Sunday in the North Lawndale neighborhood on the West Side.A 16-year-old boy was standing on a sidewalk in the 3600 block of West 15th Street when a male walked up, pulled out a handgun and shot him in the leg, police said. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in “stable” condition, police said.Saturday evening, a 19-year-old man was shot in both legs near Midway Airport in the West Elsdon neighborhood.A friend drove him to Mount Sinai about 7 p.m. The man told police he had been shot in the 4500 block of West 58th Street. He was listed in good condition early Sunday.At least 16 other people have been wounded in other citywide shootings since 6 p.m. Friday.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2014. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
75,138,156670,"July 9, 2014",Texas,Spring,711 Leaflet Ln,6,1,http://www.chron.com/neighborhood/spring/news/article/Death-penalty-trial-set-for-man-accused-in-Spring-9186401.php,"A deputy is carted away from the scene of a police standoff after suffering heat exhaustion. Police were involved in a standoff after multiple people were killed in a shooting in Spring. (Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle)Accused mass shooter Ron Lee Haskell is escorted by deputies for a hearing on Friday, July 11, 2014, in Houston. Haskell is accused of a mass shooting that resulted in the death of six people.Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, has been charged with one count of Capital Murder (Multi). On Wednesday, July 9, 2014, Haskell traveled to a residence located on the 700 block of Leaflet Lane in North Harris County, demanding the whereabouts of his estranged wife. Posing as a parcel delivery driver, Haskell forced entry into the home, holding multiple juvenile victims at gunpoint. Haskell held the juveniles at gunpoint until additional family members returned to the home. During the incident, Haskell opened fire on the family, killing six and wounding one. Stephen and Katie Stay, along with four juvenile victims were killed during the confrontation.Stephen and Katie Stay, along with four juvenile victims were killed during the confrontation with Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, who has been charged with one count of Capital Murder.Cassidy Stay, center, the only survivor of the family massacre, leaves with other mourners after services for her parents and four siblings.Seven people have been shot, five fatally, Wednesday afternoon, July 9, 2014 on the 700 block of Leaflet Lane in Spring. (Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle)A man charged with capital murder in the execution-style shootings of six members of a Spring family in 2014 will face the death penalty, according to attorneys connected to the case.Ronald Haskell, 36, of Utah, is set to stand trial in the fall of 2017, according to Harris County Assistant District Attorney Kaylnn Williford.THE CRIME:6 members of Spring family shot to death in likely domestic disputeProsecutors and defense attorneys updated state District Judge Kent Ellis during a court hearing Friday, but Haskell did not appear in court.Outside the courtroom, defense attorney Doug Durham confirmed reports of Haskell's mental health issues and said those problems would likely be part of the defense. He said little else about the defense or mitigation.DETAILS:Prosecutor say suspect in Spring family slaying shot victims 'execution-style'Haskell is accused of slaying Katie and Stephen Stay and their children Bryan, 13; Emily, 9; Rebecca, 7; and Zach, 4. Another daughter, Cassidy, 15, also was shot, but survived.The case made national headlines after Haskell, disguised in a FedEx uniform, allegedly pushed his way into the Stay residence where Cassidy Stay was home alone. He then bound the teen, and other members of the family as they arrived home. Haskell demanded to know the whereabouts of his ex-wife, Katie Stay's sister, then shot them all in the head.IN COURT:Suspect in Spring killings collapses in courtInvestigators said Haskell was trying to find out the location of his estranged ex-wife, a woman who apparently left him after several episodes of domestic violence.On his initial appearance in court two days after the shooting on July 9, 2014, Haskell collapsed as an assistant district attorney described the crime he is accused of committing.RESPONSE:Grieving Spring community gathers for Stay family funeralAfter that, Durham outlined a possible insanity defense, saying Haskell suffered from mental illness, and was not on his medication when the crime occurred.Haskell remains in the Harris County Jail without bail.Brian Rogers covers Houston crime and courts. A licensed attorney who loves telling stories, Brian covers breaking news, civil and criminal trials, and the political underpinnings of criminal justice."
76,141,155943,"July 7, 2014",California,San Bernardino,312  E Baseline Street ,1,4,http://www.sbsun.com/general-news/20140708/veteran-i-was-safer-in-iraq-than-in-san-bernardino,"Trending:Bullet holes mark the wall of a doughnut shop near a Monday shooting in San Bernardino that left one man dead and four seriously wounded. The shooting took place shortly after 11 p.m. in front of the ND Vape shop at 312 E. Base Line.Monday night’s shooting was the 28th homicide in San Bernardino this year.SAN BERNARDINO >> Juan Gomez has seen a lot of violence in his young 28 years — including what he saw during his tours in Iraq.But with the 28th homicide this year in the city on Monday night, the violence he’s seeing in San Bernardino is beginning to draw troubling parallels.“This place is bad,” he said Tuesday, a day after right across the street 24-year-old Orlando Wayne Hunt Jr. of Beaumont died from multiple gunshot wounds in front of the ND Vape shop at 312 E. Base Line.“It’s so violent you don’t even feel safe in your own home,” Gomez said. “I was safer in Iraq than I am here. It’s time to rethink my options and get out of Dodge.”The shooting, which also seriously injured four others, took place shortly after 11 p.m., police Lt. Rich Lawhead said.The smoke shop is in a small strip mall on the corner of Base Line and Waterman Avenue, police said. Hunt was found on the sidewalk in front of the business.Three of the victims were found inside the smoke shop and the other was found behind the smoke shop near Stater Bros. Market, police said.Authorities believe he collapsed running away from the shooting.Three employees of the smoke shop were inside the business as the barrage of gunfire found its way inside the shop, but they took cover when bullets began to fly and were unharmed, police at the scene said.Police believe the motive behind the shooting was gang and/or drug-related. Authorities are searching for two men they believe are suspected of shooting the five people.Like Gomez, residents of the neighboring Waterman Gardens housing project say they heard the shots ring out.“I was sitting in front of my home when it sounded like I was back in Iraq,” Gomez said. “It just sounded like the gunfire wouldn’t stop. I ran into my home.”After the shooting, more than 20 yellow markers were placed throughout the parking lot of the strip mall showing where bullet casings landed after being ejected by a handgun.Police responded to a shooting in the same area just the night before.Shortly after 11 p.m., 9-1-1 received multiple-shots-fired calls from a Jack in the Box restaurant at 303 East Base Line, saying men were shooting at each other. One group was firing their guns from Masters Donuts at 306 East Base Line toward the Jack in the Box and the other from the Jack in the Box toward the doughnut shop, police said.Nobody was hurt in that shooting.“I watched these knuckleheads shooting at each other from across the street Sunday,” 87-year-old San Bernardino resident Michael Johnson said. “This has to be a retaliation from that.”However, even though residents of Waterman Gardens believe the two shootings are related, police say no.“There is no evidence that the two shooting are related,” police Sgt. Gary Robertson said.Anyone with information on the incident is asked to contact Detective Bill Flesher at 909-384-5655 or Sgt. Gary Robertson at 909-841-5361.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
77,145,154803,"July 5, 2014",Texas,Houston,1700 Almeda-Genoa,0,6,http://wishtv.com/2014/07/05/police-investigate-shooting-on-broad-ripple-avenue/,"4 hours ago3 days ago14 hours ago1 hour ago8 hours ago5 hours ago9 hours ago5 hours ago4 hours ago4 hours ago18 hours ago8 hours ago7 hours ago7 hours ago7 hours agoWISH-TV InstagramWISH-TV TwitterWISH-TV YouTubeWISH-TV FacebookIndy Style FacebookAll Indiana FacebookLocalSierra Hignite2021-04-19T22:58:48-04:002 hours ago|Katiera Winfrey2021-04-19T18:53:57-04:004 hours ago|David Williams2021-04-19T18:45:32-04:004 hours ago|Alex Brown, Inside INdiana Business2021-04-19T16:34:50-04:007 hours ago|Wes Mills, Inside INdiana Business2021-04-19T15:32:29-04:008 hours ago|NationalBEN FOX Associated Press2021-04-19T22:14:17-04:0054 mins ago|Chandelis Duster, CNN2021-04-19T18:17:03-04:005 hours ago|Kate Bennett, CNN2021-04-19T18:03:33-04:005 hours ago|MICHAEL BALSAMO and COLLEEN LONG2021-04-19T17:58:24-04:006 hours ago|MICHAEL KUNZELMAN Associated Press2021-04-19T16:15:28-04:007 hours ago|TRENDING PODCASTSSPORTSAssociated Press2021-04-19T22:58:55-04:0010 mins ago|JENNA FRYER AP Auto Racing Writer2021-04-19T22:51:16-04:0017 mins ago|ROB HARRIS and GRAHAM DUNBAR2021-04-19T15:46:58-04:007 hours ago|HANK KURZ Jr. AP Sports Writer2021-04-18T23:26:49-04:0024 hours ago|Associated Press2021-04-18T20:58:04-04:001 day ago|INDY STYLEAmber Hankins2021-04-16T11:09:27-04:003 days ago|Amber Hankins2021-04-15T15:08:16-04:004 days ago|Amber Hankins2021-04-15T15:19:12-04:004 days ago|Amber Hankins2021-04-15T15:36:22-04:004 days ago|Amber Hankins2021-04-15T15:08:10-04:004 days ago|FEATURED POLLTake Our PollCOMMUNITY CALENDAR"
78,146,154834,"July 5, 2014",Virginia,Norfolk,861 W. 36th Street,0,7,http://www.chron.com/houston/article/6-injured-when-gunfire-erupts-at-Caribbean-5601621.php,"A music and cultural festival on Houston's south side turned violent early Saturday after shots were fired into the crowd of thousands, injuring four men and two women.Friday's event was part of the monthlong Houston Caribbean Festival, which hosts parties across the city.Police say that pproximately 5,000 to 10,000 people were attending the Jouvert Festival party, held at the San Miguel Arena at 1700 Almeda-Genoa. The party was set to end at 6 a.m., according to the event's website.Youtube videos posted of the shooting, which occurred just before 2 a.m., show throngs of guests dancing in a crowded arena.Several shots can be heard followed with screams of ""get out!"" and ""move.""John DeWalt, with thePrairie View Volunteer Fire Department, was at the party enjoying himself when he was enlisted to help first responders tend to the injured. He kept one of the men who was shot in the head alert whileEMSofficials arrived. The man's injuries were critical, according to DeWalt, a recent graduate of theCy-Fair Volunteer Fire Departmentcadet school.Four men were injured by bullets - two were transported toBen Taub Hospitaland the other two were taken toMemorial Hermann Hospital.The most seriously injured was a male, age 16, according to Houston police, who say that he was taken to Ben Taub for treatment.Two women were also transported to an area hospital after being trampled in the flood of people attempting to flee after the gunfire. Updates on their injuries were not immediately available Monday.According to DeWalt, venue personnel were having a hard time getting everyone out safely.TheHouston Police Departmentis still investigating what lead to the shooting. So far, there are no suspects in custody, and the only description they have of the suspect is that he was a shirtless, muscular black male.SpokespersonJodi Silvasays that there were at least 30 off-duty Harris County Precinct 7 deputy constables working security for the party, though they were stationed on the perimeter and not inside the arena where the shooting happened.""We're asking anyone who might have seen something to share their information with our homicide unit as they also handle major assault cases like this,"" Silva said.DeWalt said he can't stop thinking about the man he helped early Saturday.""The mood was joyous and people were having a good time and then this all happened,"" DeWalt said Saturday. ""We were all in good spirits.""Craig Hlavaty is a freelance writer for chron.com and the Houston Chronicle."
79,147,154971,"July 5, 2014",Oregon,Portland,333 SE 122ND Ave,1,4,http://wtkr.com/2014/07/05/4-different-shootings-leaves-14-people-shot-in-norfolk/,"MenuNorfolk, Va,-Norfolk police were on the scene of four different shootings throughout the night and morning, resulting in 14 confirmed victims.  All of the injuries appear to be non-life threatening.The first call came in just before midnight Friday.  It happened at 1722 Thurgood Street.  Police say several people were reportedly standing outside and were shot by an unknown assailant.  3 adults and 2 juveniles ages 14 and 15 were taken to the hospital.The second call came in just after midnight Saturday.   This one happened at 945 E. Virginia Beach Blvd.  An adult female was standing outside her home and was shot by what police say appears to be random gunfire.  She was taken to Sentara Norfolk General hospital.The third call came in at 12:17 Saturday morning of a report of a gunshot victim  in the 900 block of Bagnell Road.  An adult female was shot and taken to Sentara Norfolk General hospital with non-life threatening injuries.The last call came in right at 3:00am Saturday in reference to 6 adults that walked into Sentara Norfolk General hospital with non-life threatening gunshot wounds.  This shooting took place at 861 W. 36th Street.  Police say an unknown vehicle drove by and shot towards the adults.  Shortly after that dispatch received a call of a 7th adult victim who stayed near the initial shooting location.  Police located the victim and took the victim to Sentara Norfolk General hospital.Norfolk Police Chief, Michael Goldsmith, made a statement on the gun violence in the community, stating, ""I have more than 740 police officers working hard every day to keep 245,000 people safe. We need the assistance of our citizens to combat the gun violence that is affecting our streets and harming our youth.""He encouraged people to not resort to violence in settling disputes and said that it is the community's responsibility to instill these moral values in our youth.Lastly, Goldsmith addressed his plan to tighten down on security in affected areas, ""I am putting more resources in the neighborhoods affected by these senseless acts of violence.  These resources will include uniformed patrol, vice and narcotics and gang investigators, as well as members of our Homeland Security Division.""Norfolk Detective Division responded to all the scenes and is currently handling the investigations.  There is no further information on suspects or motives and any of the shootings.Anyone with information regarding these incidents should contact the Norfolk CrimeLine at      1-888-LOCK-U-UP.Report a typo"
80,150,154844,"July 4, 2014",Virginia,Norfolk,1722 Thurgood Street,0,5,http://wtkr.com/2014/07/07/norfolk-shooting-victim-believes-he-was-the-target-of-a-hate-crime/,"MenuThe first of the five shootings that wounded 15 different people in Norfolk over July 4th weekend was in the Diggs Town neighborhood.Witnesses say a car drove up in the middle of a neighborhood 4th of July party and just starting shooting.Five people at the party were shot and one of them says he feels he and his friends were the target for being gay.With a cast on his foot and crutches on his lap, 19-year-old Walter Barnes says takes us through the moments before he was shot.""My friend was like he seen the boys pull up in the car and was like there goes some f******, and he said by the time they said that, he just heard gunshots,"" Barnes says, ""My back was facing towards the car when it hit so I didn't see nothing. I didn't know where it came from, it just came from out of the blue.""We reached out to police to see if they believe the shooting on Thurgood street was a targeted hate crime. They have not answered our question.As for the investigation into the shootings, policehave arrested four adults and one 17-year-old. They continue to investigate further.Related:Another shooting in Norfolk just 24 hours after 14 people were shotNorfolk Police Chief releases statement about four over-night shootingsReport a typo"
81,151,156834,"July 2, 2014",Pennsylvania,Chester,1400 block of West Congress Street,0,5,http://www.delcotimes.com/general-news/20140702/cops-consider-link-between-chester-shootings,"Chester police said five people were hospitalized, including two teens, following shootings in the 1400 block of West Congress Street early Wednesday morning. (Times Photo / Frank Wesnoski)Chester police said five people were hospitalized, including two teens, following shootings in the 1400 block of West Congress Street early Wednesday morning. (Times Photo / Frank Wesnoski)Chester police said five people were hospitalized, including two teens, following shootings in the 1400 block of West Congress Street early Wednesday morning. (Times Photo / Frank Wesnoski)Chester police said five people were hospitalized, including two teens, following shootings in the 1400 block of West Congress Street early Wednesday morning. (Times Photo / Frank Wesnoski)CHESTER - Investigators are looking into a possible link between a shooting early Wednesday that sent five people, including two teens to the hospital, and a shooting Friday that left one man dead and wounded two women.'We are looking to see if the shooting incidents are connected,' Delaware County District Attorney Jack Whelan said Wednesday night.Investigations are ongoing by the Chester Police Department and the county's Criminal Investigation Division.Previously, Whelan said 'turf issues' involving the Ruth L. Bennett Homes was a possible motive in the June 27 shooting, where as many as 37 rounds were sprayed outside the Platinum Harambee Cafe at Seventh and Lloyd streets at about midnight. Verlondon Gary, 32, of Chester, was dead at the scene; two city women were wounded, one critically.According to city authorities, the recent incident unfolded shortly after midnight as a group of people, including a boy and girl both 14 years old, were outside in the 1400 block of West Congress Street. Some residents were standing around talking, while others were in the middle of a pickup game of basketball.Then, at 12:09 a.m., gunfire erupted, sending people on Congress Street scurrying. The five victims, including the teens, were caught in apparent crossfire.When police arrived on the scene, they found five people had been injured; a 14-year-old girl shot in the foot and a 14-year-old boy shot in the right leg were among them. Two adult males, ages, 20 and 31, suffered leg wounds while a third man, 35, was struck in his back and right thigh.All five victims were taken to Crozer-Chester Medical Center, where they were listed in stable condition on Wednesday. None of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening, according to authorities.According to police, whoever pulled the trigger did from a distance away in the 800 block of Tilghman Street, about a block from where the victims were found. Shell casings found at the scene indicate that at least two weapons were fired. Investigators are trying to determine if the shooters were firing at each other or at someone else.Of the 25 homicides in Delaware County this year, 16 have occurred in Chester. All but one of the cases involved a firearm.Four people have been fatally shot since the anti-crime initiative 'Operation City Surge' was launched in May. The effort includes unannounced patrols by state police, as well as added assistance by other agencies including SEPTA Transit Police.Repeated attempts to reach Chester Police Commissioner Joe Bail concerning the latest shooting were unsuccessful.Wednesday night, Mayor John Linder said any shooting is tragic.'What I can do to protect my young citizens is bring them indoor after hours,' he said.But he warned that a solution is not solely a police matter.'Others can help us as much as they can (by reporting those) who are continually committing crimes in this city,' Linder said. 'We've had great cooperation from our community, and it's getting better.'The mayor added that since the launch of the anti-crime push police response time has been quicker thanks to the state police and other agencies who are working with city police.Anyone with information is asked to contact city detectives at 610-447-8433 or county detectives at 610-891-4700."
82,152,153275,"June 30, 2014",Kentucky,Lexington,Scottsdale Circle,1,3,https://www.lex18.com/news/man-convicted-for-2014-deadly-shooting-sentenced-to-3-years-in-prison,"MenuLEXINGTON, Ky. (LEX 18) — A man convicted of his role in a 2014 deadly shooting has been sentenced to three years in prison.Allen Burgess was convicted of facilitation of robbery and assault in the shooting death of Kieara Green.Police said that back in June 2014, Green and three others were inside a home in the Scottsdale Circle area when a group barged in and opened fire.Green died from her injuries and the other three victims survived.In 2018, Green's relatives told LEX 18 that prosecutors were planning an Alford Plea for facilitation to murder.It is unclear what changed since then.Report a typo"
83,156,152960,"June 28, 2014",California,Antioch,5500 Cedar Point Way,0,7,http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-antioch-shooting-seven-people-injured-20140630-story.html,"Seven men who were shot at a house in Antioch in Northern California this past weekend are expected to survive their injuries, authorities said.Five of the men were discovered by police officers responding to a call around 11:50 p.m. Saturday in the 5500 block of Cedar Point Way. The men were transported to local hospitals for injuries that did not appear to be life-threatening, according to the Antioch Police Department.While officers were at the scene of the shooting, two more men arrived at area hospitals seeking treatment for non-life-threatening gunshot wounds. It was later determined that they were victims of the same incident but had left the location before police arrived.Officials said not all the men lived at the house and were having a “get together” when the shooting occurred.An investigation into the identity of the shooter remained ongoing Monday.For breaking news in Los Angeles and the Southland, follow@Caitlin__Owens, or email her atcaitlin.owens@latimes.com.The perils of parenting through a pandemicWhat’s going on with school? What do kids need? Get 8 to 3, a newsletter dedicated to the questions that keep California families up at night.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Subscribers Are ReadingCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCAccepted students are in the power position this month as competitive colleges try to impress them to say yes in a year of record applications to the University of California and other elite schools.More CoverageCaliforniaMother unraveled in depression, QAnon-style conspiracies in months before she killed 3 kidsCaliforniaMother unraveled in depression, QAnon-style conspiracies in months before she killed 3 kidsLiliana Carrillo’s unraveling over the last year alarmed people in her life.Entertainment & ArtsTiny houses and shipping containers may help homeless people in L.A. Are they humane?Entertainment & ArtsTiny houses and shipping containers may help homeless people in L.A. Are they humane?Is a tiny house really a glorified toolshed? Are the unhoused serving as guinea pigs for architect’s design experiments? Our columnist visits L.A.'s new wave of shelter solutions.More CoverageHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planThe mayor’s proposed budget, set for release Tuesday, comes at a moment of heightened frustration over the city’s handling of homelessness.Coronavirus, Vaccines and PandemicCaliforniaLAUSD coronavirus testing reveals 177 infections prior to first campus openingsCaliforniaLAUSD coronavirus testing reveals 177 infections prior to first campus openingsWith testing a requirement as schools reopen for in-person classes, 72 staff members and 105 students were found to have the virus.CaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccine supply rebounds as L.A. County hopes to rapidly immunize more residentsCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccine supply rebounds as L.A. County hopes to rapidly immunize more residentsThe county’s latest allocation, approximately 362,000 doses, is up nearly 39,000 from last week, according to the Department of Public Health.More CoverageWorld & NationBillions spent on coronavirus fight, but what happens next?World & NationBillions spent on coronavirus fight, but what happens next?Public health officials worry that their budgets will be slashed when the pandemic recedes and they’ll once again be unprepared for a health crisis.ArchivesTracking reopeningsArchivesTracking reopeningsLatest on vaccines and pandemicLatest on vaccines and pandemicCoronavirus and COVID-19 pandemic and health news.Latest CaliforniaCaliforniaA high-stakes moment for LAPD as city braces for verdict in Derek Chauvin trialCaliforniaA high-stakes moment for LAPD as city braces for verdict in Derek Chauvin trialChief Michel Moore’s promises that the LAPD is prepared to facilitate demonstrations related to Derek Chauvin’s trial come at a high-stakes moment for the department.CaliforniaPaul Flores denied bail while awaiting trial for killing of Kristin SmartCaliforniaPaul Flores denied bail while awaiting trial for killing of Kristin SmartA judge on Monday ordered that Paul Flores will remain in a San Luis Obispo County jail as he awaits trial on charges he killed Kristin Smart while trying to rape the college freshman in 1996.CaliforniaGarcetti seeks to stem poverty, boost social justice in vision for a recovering L.A.CaliforniaGarcetti seeks to stem poverty, boost social justice in vision for a recovering L.A.L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti laid out a roadmap for helping the city recover from the devastation of COVID-19. He emphasized anti-poverty initiatives and social justice programs, including a “basic guaranteed income” pilot program.CaliforniaAs L.A. County reopens, officials plan for COVID-19 economic recoveryCaliforniaAs L.A. County reopens, officials plan for COVID-19 economic recoveryThe county saw a $735-million drop in sales tax revenue due to the pandemic-related economic slowdown, but layoffs and furloughs are not planned and the overall budget to large departments will remain largely unchanged.CaliforniaMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaCaliforniaMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaPolice arrested the man on suspicion of burglary.Subscribe for unlimited accessFollow Us"
84,157,153578,"June 28, 2014",New York,Manhattan,Fifth Avenue and West 139th Street,0,4,http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2014/06/29/violent-night-leaves-at-least-13-shot-in-all-five-boroughs/,"NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) —It was a violent night in New York City after at least 21 people were shot in incidents spanning each of the five boroughs.As CBS 2’s Janelle Burrell reported, one of the shootings happened on Staten Island, where a man is fighting for his life after being shot in the face.The incident happened at around 3:30 a.m. on Amboy Road in the New Dorp section of Staten Island.Police were still on the scene Sunday morning collecting and processing evidence, including a backpack that belonged to the 42-year-old victim.Scene of shooting in New Dorp section of Staten Island on June 29, 2014 (Credit: CBS 2)Investigators told Burrell the shooting was not random.The victim had apparently gotten into an argument with another man. Police said a gun was fired and the victim was hit in the face with a bullet just outside of his home.The shooting suspect was caught on surveillance video running from the scene of the crime, police said. He got away in a dark-colored pick up truck, WCBS 880’s Monica Miller reported.The victim was rushed to Staten Island University Hospital.Neighbors were shaken up over the news. They said it’s rare for the community to see this kind of violence.“This is a busy street, Amboy Road is busy, but it’s not an area where you would have a shooting of any kind. I mean, we’re here five years and this has never happened before,” said one neighbor.“We have a baby. You know, we have a 5-year-old. It’s very scary. This is unusual, very unusual for this area,” said another neighbor.Dawn said she got an early wake up call from police who rang her door bell after the victim was shot just steps from her door.“We just saw them yesterday. You know I’m like this is very very strange and very scary, especially when you tell us a gun was shot. I said what!!” Dawn said.Neighbors also said the victim only moved to the area a few months ago with his wife and son.“It’s a man and his wife and their son. They’re very quiet people. They just moved in not long ago. They’re very nice people,” neighbor Mike told WCBS 880’s Miller.Mike was just returning home from the night shift, only to find his house was on the part of the street that was sectioned off by police.The shooting incident is just one of 13 that happened across the city in the last 24 hours, WCBS 880 reported.In Cambria Heights, Queens, 33-year-old Bronx resident Jason Bragg was found shot to death around 10 p.m. Saturday.A10-year-old boy and a male adult were shotin Coney Island at around 7 p.m. Saturday. Elhadi Abdel Rahman suffered minor injuries with a gunshot wound to his knee. The man was last listed in serious condition with a gunshot wound to his stomach. Police released a photo of the suspect.“I didn’t think they were gunshots. I thought they were firecrackers, but then everybody started running,” Abdel Rahman said.Suspect wanted in connection with a Coney Island shooting that injured 10-year-old boy (Credit: CBS 2)He was a block away from his home when he was caught in the middle of a spray of bullets, CBS 2’s Don Champion reported.One person was killed and two others were injured in a shooting at 92 Tapscott St. in Brooklyn.Also in Brooklyn, a female was shot in the leg at 1780 Bergen St. She was taken to Kings County Hospital.Four people were shot at Fifth Avenue and West 139th street. CBS 2 reported the victims were teenagers. All of the victims were listed in stable condition at St. Luke’s-Roosevelt Hospital Center, WCBS 880 reported.In the Bronx, a male suffered a gunshot wound to his torso at University Avenue & West 195th Street. A suspect was arrested in the case, WCBS 880 reported.Earlier this week NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton addressed the spike in gun violence, saying more than 1,000 academy graduates will hit the streets this coming week. They are expected to be sent to areas where the most shootings have happened.“Actually it turns out we’re still significantly less shootings than we had at this time last year. We’re still well behind what we had last year for this week,” the commissioner said.Investigations into the violent weekend continue, and the NYPD is pouring over statistics to determine if the end of the stop and frisk policy has led to an increase in the number of guns on city streets.In the last week there have been 23 shooting incidents, compared to 37 in the same period last year.Check Out These Other Stories From CBSNewYork.com:[display-posts category=”news” wrapper=”ul” posts_per_page=”4″]"
85,158,152722,"June 27, 2014",California,San Diego,1600 block of Cathy Street,1,3,http://www.cbs8.com/story/25899555/man-killed-in-egger-highlands-shooting-identified,"The case of this missing page is still unsolved … but don't worry, we have our best investigative reporters tracking down leads.Stay tuned…"
86,159,151659,"June 26, 2014",Wisconsin,Milwaukee,24th and Locust,0,5,http://fox6now.com/2014/06/27/teen-altercation-leads-to-shoot-out-three-of-five-people-injured-released-from-hospital/,"Teen altercation leads to shoot out, three of five people injured released from hospitalMILWAUKEE (WITI) -- Three of the five people shot on Milwaukee's northside are out of the hospital. A feud between two families ended in a spray of bullets.The mother of those teens tells FOX6 they were attacked not only with fists, but later everyone with weapons as well. After the fight she says adult men got involved in the situation and shot up her home. Family members were struck and hospitalized.Nancy Mays is frightened for her family to say in their home near 24th and Locust.""I`m scared I don`t even want go to the store I`m just scared they are going to shoot me,"" said Mays. ""I heard the bullets ricocheting, came out of nowhere and just got to shooting.""As shots echoed throughout the neighborhood, Mays' home was riddled with bullets.""They came in front of my house out here and I got plenty bullet holes in my house, all in my kitchen,"" said Mays.She claims gunfire rang out after a dispute that should have been left among teens.""My daughters ain`t nothing but 13 and 16 years old some grown girls jumped my daughter,"" said Mays.She says after the altercation, a few men joined the fray and the argument escalated.""So my cousin and my brother got to beating the dudes up and the dudes came from nowhere and got to shooting,"" said Mays.""Someone from one of the houses approached residents of the other house armed with firearms and commenced firing,"" said Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn.When the gunfire stopped, police counted almost three dozen shell casings. Five people were struck.""Shot my cousin, shot my brother 5 times, shot my cousin 4 times and my other cousin got shot it he leg. The police saved her life I`m glad,"" said Mays.Since the violent incident Thursday afternoon, June 26th, folks nearby are understandably on edge and thankful to see extra police patrolling Friday, June 27th.Authorities continue to watch a block torn apart by senseless actions, while neighbors feel it all could have been prevented.Three of the five people shot have been released from the hospital. Two victims, one male and the other female, remain in the hospital. As of now, no arrests have been made.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
87,160,157018,"June 26, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Grand St,2,2,http://detroit.cbslocal.com/2014/06/26/2-killed-2-hurt-in-west-side-detroit-shooting/,"DETROIT (WWJ)– Detroit police investigating an early morning shooting that left two people dead and two others injured.It happened on Grand Street, near the Lodge Freeway and the Davison Freeway on the city’s west side.According to police, the two killed were a 28 year-old man and a 37-year-old man. Those injured were 28 and 31 years old. One of those injured was shot in the leg, but there were no further details available about the victims.There have been no arrests and there was no immediate word about a suspect or motive in the shooting as an investigation continues.Stay with WWJ Newsradio 950 and CBSDetroit.com for more on this developing story."
88,161,151475,"June 25, 2014",Massachusetts,Lowell,Midland Street,0,5,http://www.lowellsun.com/breakingnews/ci_26036234/four-people-shot-lowell-highlands,"Trending:By Robert Millsrmills@lowellsun.comLOWELL – At least four people were shot, including a woman who was shot in the chest, when gunfire erupted outside a birthday party on Midland Street in Lowell on Wednesday night shortly before midnight.Police said a female who was shot in the chest suffered what appeared to be the most serious wounds. It was not immediately clear if her injuries were life threatening.At least three other people were shot, including a male who was shot in the leg. The gender and injuries suffered by two other gunshots victims were not immediately clear since they were taken to city hospitals in personal vehicles.The female who was shot in the chest and the male who was shot in the leg were taken to the hospital by ambulance.The shootings occurred at 58 Midland St., a well-kept white house about two blocks up from Chelmsford Street in the city’s Highlands neighborhood.Neighbors said there had been a party there much of the night, but that aside from loud noise there had not been previous problems. Neighbors said there have been frequent parties at the home since a new family moved in about a year ago.Several neighbors said they heard noises that they believed were fireworks since there have been numerous instances of fireworks going off in the area recently. It was not until emergency vehicles flooded the street that many neighbors began to realize what happened.One man said he heard at least seven gunshots fired in rapid succession.Police said they recovered more than seven shell casings in the street in front of the home, but could not immediately provide an exact number.Last July 13, just before midnight, police responded a few blocks away to a shooting at Forest and Blodgett streets. In that incident, a man was shot several times and hospitalized.Police said the incident does not appear to be random.Anyone with information is asked to call Lowell police at 978-937-3200 or Crimestoppers at 978-459-TIPS (8477).Tipsters can remain anonymous, but can receive up to $1,000 for information leading to an arrest.Follow Robert Mills on Twitter and Tout @Robert_Mills."
89,250,104218,"February 5, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,6740 N Clark St,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150130/rogers-park/rapper-targeted-two-shootings-that-killed-others-instead-now-jail,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.ROGERS PARK — Rapper Young Pappy survived a shooting attempt that left a 17-year-old dead outside a Rogers Park McDonald's, and later was unscathed when a bullet intended for him killed a photographer waiting for a bus instead, police have said.But earlier this month, the rapper — whose real name is Shaquon Thomas — allegedly went back to that same McDonald's at 6740 N. Clark St., where he got in a fight with a man who later was shot across the street from the restaurant, police said.Now, Thomas —whom authorities have told residents about at community meetings— is in jail.He is locked up on $50,000 bail while awaiting a Thursday court hearing.Ben Woodard spoke to Thomas' mother about her son's arrest:Thomas was charged with marijuana possession and reckless conduct on Jan. 14 after he was arrested at his mother's home, according to a police report.The 18-year-old man he got into a fight with wasshot in the legabout 11:50 a.m. Police said the victim was cooperating in the investigation, but no charges have been filed in the shooting.Thomas is no stranger to gunplay.Last February, surveillance videocaptured a masked gunman opening fireon the rapper and the group he was walking with outside the McDonald's, striking him in the arm and killing 17-year-old Markeyo Carr, whose family lives in the same building as Thomas' mother. While Markeyo was with the group,his relatives have said he was not in a gang.Then, on July 12,photographer Wil Lewiswas killed by a stray bullet when another shooteropened fireat the rapper, who was walking in the 1300 block of Devon Avenue, police said. Lewis had been waiting for a bus and was shot in the back.The rapper celebrated his 19th birthday in jail during the time between the shootings. He served about two months of a one-year sentence for unlawful use of a weapon/vehicle, according to the Illinois Department of Corrections.Now, Thomas is back in jail.On Jan. 14, the rapper could be seen on surveillance camera footage ""verbally assaulting"" the man who later was shot, according to a police report. The commotion caused customers to rush out of the restaurant.After the altercation, officers responded to shots fired in the 1600 block of West Columbia Avenue, where they found the victim, the report said.Officers then went to Thomas' mother's home, where the rapper's mother allowed officers to search the apartment, the report said.Thomas was found inside the unit, the report said. Before leaving, Thomas asked for his jacket. When officers searched the jacket, they found four knotted plastic bags containing pot, according to the report. The red-and-black jacket with an ""Indian"" on the back matched the description of someone who was seen fleeing the scene of the shooting, the report said.A $50,000 bail was set for Thomas in court the next day, according to court records.Thomas' mother, Ingrid Thomas, said Thursday there was no evidence to prove her son was the target of any shootings.""I could believe that if my son was the only person out there, but he wasn't,"" she said, standing at the front door of the home where her son was arrested two weeks earlier. ""I don't believe the police. They don't have proof.""She said her son had straight As in grade school, but began hanging around a bad crowd at Sullivan High School. (The police report of the most recent shooting incident described him as a known member of the Insane Cutthroat Gangstas, a Gangster Disciples street gang in Rogers Park.)Now, she fears for her son's life, she said.""It's very scary, and it's very frustrating,"" she said.She said when her son was arrested, police entered her home with guns drawn. They later searched the home for hours ""looking for a gun,"" she said, but didn't find any.She said the police are ""painting my son as someone that he's not.""""I'm not arguing with the police, but you can't believe everything they say,"" she said.Thomas recently had been introduced to a Chicago Police Department program that refers people at risk of gun violence to social services, such as job training.In addition to the recent incident, Thomas has other convictions in his background: In June 2013, he was convicted of felony unlawful use of a weapon and sentenced to two years probation, court records show, but he violated that probation and was sentenced to a year in prison.The following year, Thomas racked up four misdemeanor convictions for retail theft, criminal trespass and two counts of reckless conduct, and was sentenced to a total of 65 days in jail.Between stints in jail, the well-known rapper racked up more than 50,000 views on one of his most recent YouTube music videos, titled ""Savages.""The song includes an apparent reference to the shootings.""...Tried to set me up, but you missed n----,"" he raps.Thomas has also publisheda videowith fellow rapper and Insane Cutthroat Gangsta Keith Hayer, akaBang Da Hitta.The duo seems to have a close bond. Since Thomas was locked up, Hayer has been posting messages to his Facebook page calling for Thomas' release.Contributing:Erica Demarest, Erin MeyerFor more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
90,251,103698,"February 3, 2014",Indiana,Franklin,2100 block of Bridlewood Dr,3,2,http://fox59.com/2014/02/04/update-three-dead-following-murder-suicide-in-franklin/#axzz2sHLWf5JB,"Fox 59by:Matt Adams - Web Producer,Zach MyersAbove (left to right) Ernest Jasper, Andrew Parish and Sara DavidsonFRANKLIN (Feb. 4, 2014) – Johnson County authorities believe 21-year-old Andy Parish knew he was going to die.They say Parish left a vague suicide note in the bedroom of the home he shared with his parents. But, they say the note gave no indication that he intended to hurt or kill anyone else.Around 10:30 Monday night, Franklin Police say Parish took a handgun to a house on Bridlewood Drive, where he argued with his ex-girlfriend, 19-year-old Maria Davis. Davis lived in the house with her mother, Leanne Smith, her 12-year old brother and her friend, 19-year old Sarah Davidson. Davidson had just moved into the house three days earlier, according to her mother.Investigators say the argument between Parish and Davis prompted her younger brother to run across the street for help. He found 46-year old Ernest Jasper and his two sons, Dustin Gray, 21 and Danny Scott Jr, 18. Jasper and his two sons went across the street to calm things down, according to police. And that’s when the situation turned deadly.Franklin Police Chief Tim O’Sullivan said Parish fired multiple shots, killing Sarah Davidson at the scene and injuring Leanne Smith and Dustin Gray. Ernest Jasper survived his injuries for a short time before he was later pronounced dead.“This is a very violent scene and unexpected,” O’Sullivan said. “I don’t know that I have words for it. It’s just something you hope never to see again.”Smith sustained a minor injury and was treated and released. Gray was last reported in stable condition at Eskanazi Hospital.Maria Davis and her 12-year old brother were not injured.After the shootings at the house, investigators say Parish drove his Ford Mustang a short distance to a grain silo along County Road 400 North. A neighbor who saw his car called it in as suspicious activity. As police responded and announced their presence, Parish was standing a few feet from his car. Without a word, they say he turned an AK-47 on himself and took his own life.“It’s just a sad day in Johnson County,” said Sheriff Doug Cox. “Unfortunately, we may have these type of incidents once a year, but once is once too many.”During a Tuesday news conference, police said there were no outward signs that Parish would resort to deadly violence. They said the suicide note left at his parents house was found after the shootings occurred. They did not share details on what the note said, but did mention that it was vague.Reached by telephone, Sarah Davidson’s mother told Fox59 that her daughter had just move into the house on Friday. She said Sarah and Maria Davis had been friends from middle school. She said Sarah never mentioned any problems with Maria’s ex-boyfriend, Andy Parish.A friend of Ernest Jasper told Fox59 that Jasper was a kind man who would do anything to help somebody. According to police, that’s what he was trying to do when he was killed Monday night.Investigators were still working to determine what caused Parish to turn toward violence. Pictures on his Facebook page showed him and Maria Davis during happier times. There were also several pictures of guns and ammunition, similar to what police say they found in his car.Franklin Mayor Joe McGuiness praised the work of law enforcement in responding to the violence. He also stressed the importance of spotting any warning signs of violent behavior.“You know, a lot of times we hear domestic violence, whether it’s emotional, physical, whatever that may be,” McGuiness said. “This is a perfect situation where it can be taken and escalated to the next level. And it needs to be taken very seriously. “SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.GREENWOOD, Ind. – Days after the horrific mass shooting at the FedEx facility, those who knew the victims best, continue to tell their stories.(NEXSTAR) – The White House announced Monday that anyone 16 years and older can sign up for a COVID-19 vaccine appointment, meeting President Biden's April 19 eligibility goal.""More than half of all adults in America have now received at least one shot,"" White House press secretary Jen Psaki said at Monday's briefing. ""More than 32% of adults are fully vaccinated. 81% of seniors have at least one, and just about two thirds are fully vaccinated.""WASHINGTON (NewsNation Now) — Former Vice President Walter Mondale, a liberal icon who lost the most lopsided presidential election after bluntly telling voters to expect a tax increase if he won, has died. He was 93.Mondale’s family says he died Monday in Minneapolis. No cause was cited."
91,253,113665,"January 27, 2014",Washington,Seattle,2nd Avenue South and South Main Street,1,4,http://www.komonews.com/news/local/Apologetic-felon-linked-to-deadly-Pioneer-Square-shootout-316077531.html,
92,254,100434,"January 25, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,S Union Ave and W 51st St,1,4,https://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/01/27/3-killed-14-wounded-in-weekend-shootings/,"CHICAGO (STMW) —Three people were killed and at least 14 others were wounded since early Saturday in shootings across the city.Miguel Naverrette, 15, was shot and killed in the Little Village neighborhood Sunday afternoon.Naverrette was sitting inside a parked vehicle in the 4100 block of West 30th Street about 4:50 p.m. when someone inside a dark-colored SUV pulled up and fired shots at him while yelling gang slogans, authorities said.Naverrette, of the 2800 block of South Karlov Avenue, was shot in the abdomen and side and pronounced dead on the scene at 5:24 p.m., authorities said. Police said the teen had gang affiliations.A man was shot and killed early Saturday in the South Lawndale neighborhood.Police responding to a call of a person shot about 2:55 a.m. found the 23-year-old man unresponsive on the sidewalk in the 3800 block of West 26th Street, police said. The man suffered a gunshot wound underneath his chin.Jose Nunez, of the 1800 block of North Leavitt Street, was pronounced dead at the scene at 3:10 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office.About two hours earlier, four people were wounded and one man was killed in a shooting in a bar on the South Side.The five people were shot about 12:52 a.m. while they were attending a party inside Rudy’s Lounge in the 5100 block of South Union Avenue, police said. An argument broke out between party-goers and two uninvited males, and after the males were escorted from the bar by security, shots were fired from the bar’s doorway.Elsaleem Mannte’el, 35, of the 8100 block of South Drexel Avenue, suffered a gunshot wound to the head and was taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where he was pronounced dead at 1:38 a.m., according to police and the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office.Also, a 37-year-old man was shot in the neck and a 40-year-old man suffered a graze wound to the head, police said. Both men were taken to Stroger Hospital, where they were both listed in “stable” condition.A woman, 34, suffered a graze wound to the neck in the shooting and took herself to Provident Hospital of Cook County, police said. She was later transferred to Stroger Hospital and listed in “stable” condition.A 37-year-old man also drove himself to Provident Hospital with a graze wound to the arm, police said. As of 5 a.m., he had been treated and released.Ten other people were shot across the city over the weekend, including a man in the River North neighborhood Sunday evening.The 42-year-old was shot in the chest and arm just before 7:30 p.m. in the 300 block of West Chicago Avenue, police said. The man was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital where he was listed in “stable” condition, police said.No one is in custody for any of the shootings as area detectives investigate.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2014. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
93,255,100568,"January 25, 2014",Florida,Belle Glade,600 block of Covenant Drive,0,4,http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2014-01-26/news/sfl-four-injured-in-belle-glade-shooting-20140125_1_belle-glade-four-people-sho,"A Saturday night shooting in Belle Glade left four people hospitalized, according to a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office news release.It happened about 8:20 p.m. as a group of people were standing outside in the 600 block of Covenant Drive. That's when a vehicle drove by and opened fire, leaving four people hit.Palm Beach County Fire Rescue took the victims to a local hospital.Investigators set up a perimeter after more than one person ran toward a nearby cane field, according to the release.Deputies also found a vehicle riddled with bullets, but it is not known if the vehicle is related to the shooting. The investigation remains underway."
94,256,98836,"January 21, 2014",New Jersey,Newark,Springfield Avenue ,2,3,http://www.nj.com/essex/index.ssf/2014/01/prosecutors_identify_victims_in_newark_shooting_that_left_2_dead_3_hurt.html,"NewarkShootings.jpgProsecutors have identified the victims of a shooting that left 2 people dead and three others injured in Newark on Tuesday. Akbar Muhammad, the 36-year-old son of a city Imam, and 28-year-old East Orange woman Shante Spivey were gunned down while sitting in a parked car on Springfield Avenue on Tuesday morning.(Seth Augenstein/The Star-Ledger)NEWARK— Investigators have identified the victims of a shooting that left two people dead and three hurt after a gunman opened fire on a parked car in Newark's Central Ward Tuesday.Akbar Muhammad, the 36-year-old son of a well-respected Newark imam, and 28-year-old Shante Spivey of East Orange were shot and killed at 11:43 a.m. Tuesday on Springfield Avenue, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray.Three other victims, a 35-year-old woman, a 34-year-old man and an 18-year-old man, were injured in the attack, Murray said. They were listed in stable condition at University Hospital in Newark Tuesday night, according to Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio, who said one of the victims was a local store owner.All five victims were sitting in a parked car near the intersection of Springfield and Fairmount avenues when a lone gunman walked up and started shooting, DeMaio said on Tuesday. Muhammad, who was in the driver's seat, died at the scene. Spivey was pronounced dead at University Hospital a short time later.DeMaio said the attack was ""targeted,"" but claimed it was too early to tell who the shooter was aiming for. The gunman remains at large, and prosecutors have not commented on a motive in the twin slayings.Muhammad is the eldest son of Imam Abdul Akbar Muhammad of Ali K. Muslim Mosque in Newark. Many consider him one of the most well-respected imams in the city and a leader in the local Muslim community.Muhammad is survived by his parents and six siblings, according to Amin Nathari, a longtime activist in the Muslim community.""He was a very popular and well-liked young man, always respectful anytime that I saw him, and my heart grieves for his mother, father and his brothers and sisters,"" Nathari said Tuesday.•Killing of Newark imam's son draws fiery reaction from city leaders•Son of Newark Imam identified as one of two killed in Newark shooting•Multiple shooting in Newark leaves 2 dead, three others hurtNote to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
95,257,104902,"January 20, 2014",Virginia,Manassas,8509 Rixlew Ln,0,4,http://potomaclocal.com/2014/01/20/4-shot-outside-nightclub-near-manassas/,"BREAKING NEWSMaking You Smarter About Your Community. Faster.Update 1:30 p.m.Prince William police announced an arrest today in connection with this case:Arrested on January 20th:Jeremiah Eugene PULLEN, 24, of 285 Manassas Dr in ManassasCharged with 4 counts of aggravated malicious wounding, 4 counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony, 1 count of shooting into an occupied dwelling, and 1 count of shooting from a moving vehicleCourt date: unavailable | Bond: held WITHOUT bondPhoto credit: Prince William police8 a.m.MANASSAS, Va. —A woman remains in a hospital this morning after she and three others were shot outside a Manassas nightclub.More in a unedited press release:*UPDATE: Shooting Investigation – On January 20th at 2:21AM, officers responded to 90 Degrees located at 8509 Rixlew Ln in Manassas (20109) to investigate a reported shooting. Officers arrived and located four victims suffering from gunshot wounds. All of the victims, two men and two women, were transported to area hospitals.Three of the victims have since been treated and released. The remaining victim, a woman, is still being hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries. The investigation into the shooting revealed that the suspect had been removed from the bar by security shortly after 2:00AM. Once outside, the suspect got into his vehicle and drove by the front of the establishment where he opened fire, striking the victims.Officers arrived at the scene quickly and were able to broadcast a description of the suspect vehicle to adjoining agencies.A Manassas City Police officer located the vehicle and detained the suspect following a traffic stop. Detectives are currently interviewing the suspect and charges are forthcoming.The nightclub “90 Degrees” is in Prince William County just outside Manassas, and is  a restaurant by day and nightclub by night. It is located across from Manassas Mall and sits behind a Hooters restaurant.Share this storyYour email address will not be published.Required fields are marked*No jobs found.Making You Smarter About Your Community. Faster.© Copyright 2020 | All rights reserved by Potomac Local Media, LLC. Website byWeb Publisher PRODon't miss a headline! Sign up for our free email newsletterLeave this field empty if you’re human:"
96,258,97407,"January 16, 2014",Oklahoma,Ardmore,H St NE and Martin Luther King Blvd,2,4,https://www.ardmoreite.com/article/20140119/NEWS/140119648,"Ardmore Police Chief Ken Grace said the citizens of Ardmore should be ""extremely proud"" of the skill and professional manner in which the city's police officers responded to and ended the ongoing threat of a rampaging shooter Thursday night.""I have to commend the Ardmore officers for an outstanding job. And we would not have been able to accomplish our mission without the cooperation from the agencies who assisted,"" the chief said.Talking about the manhunt, Grace described Henry Jackson, also known as Lil Henry, as exhibiting signs of spiraling violence. He said it was those signals that led him to order the city sealed off and a street- by-street manhunt for the 18-year-old who had already wounded four people, including two ATF agents in Ardmore, and was the prime suspect in the murder of a Tishomingo man.""People were terrified and we were very concerned his next action might be in a public place, like a convenience store or a restaurant, where numerous lives would be at stake,"" Grace said. ""We needed to stop him before he shot anyone else.""Grace called in off-duty officers and requested assistance from other law enforcement agencies, including the Carter County Sheriff's Department, Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Lighthorse Police Department. Two hours after the manhunt was launched, Jackson was cornered near the intersection of H Street NE and Martin Luther King Boulevard.""We had received information about the stolen car he was driving and then what sector of the city he was in, and we began tracking him,"" Grace said.Corralled, Jackson refused to surrender. Instead, he opened fire on Ardmore police, shooting multiple rounds through the windshield and into the body of a police car. Officers returned fire. Jackson died in the gun battle.""Two officers put an end to the situation,"" Grace said, adding both officers were on paid leave pending the outcome of the officer-involved shooting.The chief deferred identifying the officers pending the outcome of the investigation. ""I don't think it would be proper to name them, and in order to eliminate any hint of bias, the APD has stepped away from the investigation and I have requested the Carter County Sheriff's Department to handle the inquiry.""Carter County Sheriff Milton Anthony said Saturday the investigation was under way, adding four guns had been recovered from Jackson's car during the initial stages of the investigation.Rumors began circulating Friday that Jackson was also responsible for a number of other unrelated crimes, including burglary and robbery in Ardmore earlier in the week.However, APD Capt. Kevin Norris said Jackson has not been identified as the primary suspect in any of those crimes.""We've heard the rumors, too, but so far we have not confirmed he was involved in those crimes. The investigation is ongoing,"" Norris said.The Johnston County Sheriff's Department is also conducting an investigation into the murder of Marcus Cole Holt and the subsequent kidnapping of Holt's girlfriend and her children.Johnston County Sheriff Jon Smith confirmed Friday the stolen car Jackson was driving at the time he died in the shootout with Ardmore police belonged to the 21-year-old Holt. But Smith said the investigation into what happened at the rural Tishomngo residence where Holt's body was recovered was not completed.Smith said deputies discovered Holt's body shortly before 7 p.m. Thursday. Smith said the former Lone Grove resident was ""the of victim of a violent act"" and listed his death as ""an apparent homicide,"" but would only say it was ""probable"" Jackson was the killer.In a press release, the sheriff said deputies acted on a 911 call from a women who reported ""a kidnapping and possible shooting ... The caller reported that her daughter and the daughter's two small children had been kidnapped from their residence, and that her daughter's boyfriend (Holt) had been shot ... the kidnap victim had just been freed from her abductor .. The dispatcher was able to determine the kidnap victims were at a residence in Gene Autry where the suspect had left them and then fled.""Smith said he requested assistance from OSBI as deputies began the probe into Holt's death and responded to Gene Autry to make contact with the kidnapping victim.About the same time, the sheriff said he learned of the shooting of ATF agents in Ardmore ""by a person identified as fugitive Henry Jackson, and that Jackson was driving a vehicle belonging to the shooting victim.""Smith said Friday several law enforcement agencies were continuing to work together to investigate all of the incidents involving Jackson.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.The Daily Ardmoreite  ~ PO Box 1328, Ardmore, OK 73401~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
97,260,96792,"January 14, 2014",California,Los Angeles,West 86th Street,0,4,http://ktla.com/2014/01/14/4-injured-in-south-los-angeles-shooting-lapd/#axzz2qWaUXxa3,"KTLAby:Melissa PamerFour people were wounded in a shooting in South Los Angeles on Tuesday evening, according to police.Police were called to scene in the 400 block of West 89th Street (map) for a report of people shots just before 6 p.m., according to Officer Christopher No of the Los Angeles Police Department’s Media Relations Section.The shooter was last seen heading southbound on Flower Street, possibly in a burgundy Jeep, No said.One person was shot in the leg, but the injuries of the other three victims were not known, No said.All the victims were 45 to 50 years old, No said.It was not known if the shooting was gang related, he said.KTLA’s Nidia Becerra Tijerino contributed to this article.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.Los Angeles County is expecting an uptick in its supply of COVID-19 vaccines this week, providing a welcome boost to the region’s inoculation efforts.The county’s latest allocation, pegged at approximately 362,000 doses, is up nearly 39,000 from last week, according to the Department of Public Health.As the nation awaits a verdict in Derek Chauvin’s murder trial Monday, community activists are showing support for Los Angeles County District Attorney George Gascon’s criminal justice reform efforts.Wendy Burch reports for the KTLA 5 News at 6 on April 19, 2021.A Northern California woman who acknowledged using U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein’s name and Social Security number to receive $21,000 in pandemic-related assistance pleaded guilty Monday to stealing unemployment benefits.It was part of nearly $200,000 in unemployment insurance and Pandemic Unemployment Assistance benefits contained in debit cards shipped to the home of Andrea M. Gervais, 44, of Roseville, authorities said."
98,262,95579,"January 12, 2014",Illinois,Elgin,300 block of North St,0,5,"http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/chi-teen-shot-to-death-in-ford-heights-20140124,0,7508784.story","A 16-year-old boy has been charged with killing a 17-year-old in Ford Heights following a dispute Wednesday, authorities said.Paris Walker, of the south suburb, was ordered held without bail in a hearing today before Cook County Judge Darron Bowdown in Markham Branch Court after being charged as an adult with murder in the slaying of Malik McMillian, of Chicago Heights, according to the Cook County state's attorney's office.McMillian and Walker had a dispute on the street and in the back yard of a home in the 1400 block of Ambassador Lane in Ford Heights about 7:35 p.m. Wednesday, and McMillian tried to leave, trying to climb over a chain-link fence, when he was shot, prosecutors said.When McMillian fell to the ground after the first shots were fired, Walker stood over him and shot McMillian several more times, then fled the scene, prosecutors said.McMillian, who also had an address in the 16000 block of Shea Avenue in Hazel Crest, was pronounced dead on the scene at 8:07 p.m. Wednesday, according to the Cook Count medical examiner's office.An autopsy performed Thursday determined that he died as a result of multiple gunshot wounds.Twitter: @ChicagoBreakingCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
99,264,95550,"January 12, 2014",Alabama,Huntsville,University Drive,0,5,http://blog.al.com/breaking/2014/01/huntsville_police_arrest_15-ye_1.html#incart_river_default,"benchwarmerHuntsville police have arrested a 15-year-old in the shooting of five people at the Benchwarmer sports club early Sunday morning. (File photo)HUNTSVILLE, Alabama- Huntsville police have arrested a 15-year-old suspect in the shooting of five people early Sunday morning at the Benchwarmer sports club on University Drive. Police arrested the juvenile and found the weapon used in the shooting, according to a press release. The shooting suspect is being held at the Robert Neaves Detention Center on five counts of assault in the first degree.HPD also released the names of three of those shot as the result of a fight at the club: Jordan Darell Baker, 21, John Wesley Brewer, 20, Craig Allen Shelnut, 31, as well as a 16- and a 17- year-old. All five shooting victims remain at Huntsville Hospital where they are being treated for non-life threatening injuries.According to HPD, the shooting suspect has a prior history of arrests.HPD Chief Lewis Morris has suspended the city liquor license based on the fact that several juveniles were in the club when the shooting took place. The Benchwarmer is classified as a lounge with an entertainment license, which means patrons must be 19 years of age or older to enter. The club owner was contacted and agreed to voluntarily surrender his license, according to the press release. Agents from the Alabama Beverage Control Board are taking part in the ongoing investigation along with HPD.A patron who was at the Bench Warmer at the time of the shooting postedof a fight at the club and gunshots can be heard in the short clip.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
100,265,95146,"January 11, 2014",Mississippi,Jackson,3430 W. Capitol Street,0,4,https://www.wlbt.com/story/24423205/six-shot-in-jackson-saturday-morning/,"JACKSON, MS (Mississippi News Now) - Jackson police are investing six shootings from early Saturday morning. The first two shootings occurred near the M-Bar Sports Grill on Ridgewood Court in Jackson. Police said two men are in stable condition at UMC after getting shot leaving the M-Bar around 1:40 A.M.According to police, the victims were walking across the street from the bar when they were approached by two males in an SUV. The suspects pulled out guns and demanded money and other items. One man was shot in the stomach and the other man was shot in the arm.Shortly after the shootings near M-Bar, four others were shot at West Lounge located at 3430 W. Capitol Street.Police said some patrons were escorted out of the lounge after an altercation inside. Gunshots rang out among four individuals. One person was grazed and three people were shot. All are in stable condition.If you can help Jackson Police with any of these Saturday morning shootings call Crime Stoppers at 601-355-TIPS.Copyright 2014MSNewsNow. All rights reserved.715 South Jefferson StreetJackson, MS 39201(601)948-3333A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
101,266,94514,"January 5, 2014",Pennsylvania,Erie,829 Parade St,1,3,https://www.erienewsnow.com/story/24366744/1-killed-3-injured-in-early-morning-shooting,"Shots were fired around 1 a.m. Sunday morning in an East Erie neighborhood, killing a 26-year-old Erie man and injuring another man and two women.The shooting occurred inside the East Erie Turners building at 829 Parade St., during a private party.""The victim was pronounced dead at Hamot this morning at 1:28 a.m. by Dr. Beard,"" said Erie County Coroner, Dennis Suscheck.  ""My examination did find that he had been shot in the chest.""State police had to assist city police at UPMC Hamot when a large crowd gathered outside the Trauma Center, where the shooting victims were taken.The three wounded people - a 20-year-old man and women ages 18 and 19, were taken to UPMC Hamot with injuries that police said weren't life-threatening.Two of the victims have been released from Hamot, as of 5 p.m. Sunday evening.Detectives tell us about 200 people were at the private party, but witnesses to the shooting are not being especially cooperative.  Still, police are optimistic they will be able to make an arrest.If you have any information, witnesses are asked to call (814)-870-1120."
