,Unnamed: 0,ID,Date,State,City/County,Address,Killed,Injured,Source,Text
0,1,269679,"December 27, 2014",California,Los Angeles,8800 block of South Figueroa Street,1,3,http://ktla.com/2014/12/27/south-l-a-shooting-leaves-1-dead-3-wounded/,"KTLAby:John A. Moreno(Credit: KTLA)A shooting in the Vermont Vista neighborhood of South Los Angeles on Saturday left one man dead and three other people wounded, police said.The incident happened about 4:20 p.m. in the 8800 block of South Figueroa Street (map), where one female and three male victims were struck by gunfire, said Sgt. John Gregozek of the Los Angeles Police Department’s Southeast Division.One of the victims, a 26-year-old man, died at the scene, according to Gregozek. Two of the injured — one male and one female — were transported to hospitals in unknown condition.The fourth victim, a male who likely suffered a graze wound, was treated at the scene and released, the LAPD said.Police described the shooter or shooters as one or two black men.It was unknown whether the incident was gang related, Gregozek said.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access.Los Angeles County’s push to inoculate hard-to-reach populations continues with two new COVID-19 vaccination clinics at public transit locations in the Antelope Valley.The county’s Department of Public Health is partnering with Metrolink to launch clinics at the Palmdale and Lancaster Metrolink stations beginning Tuesday. Each site will have the capacity to administer up to 250 free vaccine doses a day and will operate from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday."
1,4,268598,"December 24, 2014",Missouri,Saint Louis,18th and Pine,1,3,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/two-men-responsible-for-quadruple-shooting-st-louis-police-say/article_43ba9dda-df30-5910-8c59-8168d653ec85.html,"ST. LOUIS•   Police on Thursday released more details about the Christmas Eve shooting downtown that left one man dead and three wounded.The man found shot to death in the street near the 7-Eleven in the 200 block of North 17th Street was Christopher Johnson, 20, of St. Louis. He was shot in the chest and pronounced dead at the scene.He was shot when two men got out of a car in the 1600 block of Olive Street about 5:30 p.m. and opened fire on the four victims, who were all near each other.Two men were critically wounded – a man, 54, was shot in the face and another man, 32, was shot in the chest.Another man, 35, was shot in the buttocks. He was expected to survive.The 7-Eleven was closed on Thursday. A sign on the door said it would re-open at 11 p.m.No arrests had been made.Johnson lived inthe 4400 block of Bircher Boulevard in St. Louis, police said.Editor's note: This story has been revised to reflect that while one shooting victim died in the 200 block of North 17th Street, police say the shooting occurred in the 1600 block of Olive Street.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
2,6,268282,"December 22, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Charlevoix and Philip,1,3,http://www.wxyz.com/news/region/wayne-county/family-and-friends-hold-prayer-service-to-remember-paige-stalker-on-1st-anniversary-of-her-murder,"MenuTwo families ripped devastated by the murders of their loved ones came together for a memorial service.Family and police are still pleading for tips, while praying for one another.Inside a Grosse Pointe Park home, a prayer service was held to celebrate the life of Paige Stalker.The 16-year-old honor student at University Liggett was gunned down in Detroit last December 22nd.To this day, no one has been arrested for her murder, despite a reward of more than $162,000.Paige's family has also become close with the family of Christina Samuel, a 22-year-old college graduate and aspiring law student killed just days after Paige.There's also been no arrest for Christina’s murder - despite numerous tips.What has happened is an outpouring of support from the community, including two separate scholarships in Paige’s name through Beaumont Hospital and her old school.A park will also be dedicated in memory of both girls, along the border of Detroit and Grosse Pointe Park.Tonight night at 11, the family of Christina Samuel opens up in an emotional interview you'll see only on 7.News"
3,7,282186,"December 22, 2014",New York,Webster,191 Lake Rd,4,2,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2254451/William-Spengler-shooting-Woman-24-bought-firearms-gunman-Christmas-Eve-firefighter-ambush.html,"ByHelen PowPublished:18:48 EDT, 28 December 2012|Updated:22:06 EDT, 28 December 201211ViewcommentsA 24-year-old woman has been arrested for buying the assault rifle used to murder two innocent firefighters on Christmas Eve, on behalf of the killer.Dawn Nguyen of Rochester, New York, was a former neighbor of William Spengler, 62, who shot dead firefighters Michael Chiapperini and Tomasz Kaczowka in a shocking ambush as they responded to a house fire he started early Monday morning.Three other people were wounded before Spengler killed himself.According to police, Nguyen purchased the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle and a 12-gauge shotgun on behalf of Spengler,a convicted felon who was barred from possessing weapons,on June 6, 2010.Accessory: Nguyen is pictured after her arrest on charges connected to the guns used in the Christmas Eve ambush slaying of two volunteer firefightersSpengler is believed to have picked out the weapons himself at a firearm store in Henrietta, New York.The young woman faces a federal charge of knowingly making a false statement, U.S. Attorney William Hochul said, and is also charged with a state count of filing a falsified business record.The gunman also had a .38-caliber revolver in his possession on the day of the shootings, but Nguyen is not connected to that gun. Police used the serial numbers on the weapons to trace them to Nguyen.Killer: William Spengler had previously served 17 years in prison for killing his elderly grandmother'She told the seller of these guns, Gander Mountain in Henrietta, N.Y., that she was to be the true owner and buyer of the guns instead of William Spengler,' Hochul said.'It is absolutely against federal law to provide any materially false information related to the acquisition of firearms.'During an interview late on Christmas Eve, Nguyen told police she had bought the guns for personal protection and that they were stolen from her vehicle, though she never reported the guns stolen.The day after the shootings, however, Nguyen texted an off-duty Monroe County Sheriff's deputy with references to the killings and later admitted to him that she bought the guns for Spengler.Police said that information was consistent with a suicide note found near Spengler's body after he killed himself.The .223-caliber Bushmaster rifle, which had a combat-style flash suppressor, is similar to the one Adam Lanza used to shoot dead 20 children and six female staff at Sandy Hook Elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, earlier this month.Nguyen and her mother, Dawn Welsher, lived next door to Spengler in 2008 - when Nguyen was just 20 years old.On Wednesday and again on Friday, shortly before her arrest, she answered her cellphone and told The Associated Press that she didn't want to talk about Spengler.Her brother, Steven Nguyen, told the Democrat and Chronicle newspaper of Rochester that Spengler stole the guns from Dawn Nguyen.Bushmaster: Nguyen allegedly bought the Bushmaster rifle, pictured, for William Spengler and he used it to shoot two firefightersHome: Dawn Nguyen was arrested at her home, pictured, at 249 Alpine Road in Rochester, New YorkSpengler set a car on fire and touched off an inferno in his Webster home on a strip of land along the Lake Ontario shore, took up a sniper's position and opened fire on the first firefighters to arrive at about 5:30am on Christmas Eve, authorities said. He wounded two other firefighters and an off-duty police officer who was on his way to work.A Webster police officer who had accompanied the firefighters shot back at Spengler with a rifle in a brief exchange of gunfire before the gunman killed himself.Spengler spent 17 years in prison for killing his grandmother in 1980. His neighbors said he confessed his criminal past within 15 minutes of them meeting, and even pointed to the staircase where he committed the crime.'He said, ""I was on drugs and I wanted money for drugs and my grandmother wouldn't give it to me,""' Amy Warner, who bought the cottage next to Spengler's home with her boyfriend this summer, toldNew York Magazine.She said they tore out the staircase 'because it was creepy,' but didn't think twice about buying the house because Spengler had served his time.Her home was one of seven destroyed by the fire Spengler started.Trap: This billowing inferno in Webster, New York, was lit by William Spengler, before he opened fire on the firefighters who responded to the blazeBrave: Webster police Lieutenant Mike Chiapperini (left) and Tomasz Kaczowka, (right) a 911 dispatcher, both volunteered for the West Webster Fire Department. They were gunned down on Monday morningBurning: A bystander watches while seven homes in a street in Webster, New York, burnedInvestigators still haven't released the identity of remains found in William Spengler's burned house.They have said they believe the remains are those of his 67-year-old sister, Cheryl Spengler, who also lived in the house near Rochester and has been unaccounted for since the killings.The Spengler siblings had lived in the home with their mother, Arline Spengler, who died in October. Police found a rambling, typed letter laying out Spengler's intention to destroy his neighborhood and 'do what I like doing best, killing people.'He had been released from parole in 2006 on the manslaughter conviction, and authorities said they had had no encounters with him since.Nguyen faces a maximum penalty of 10 years imprisonment, a fine of $250,000 or both.Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
4,8,267721,"December 22, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,5700 block of South Green Street,0,5,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20141223/englewood/englewood-shooting-leaves-five-teens-wounded,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Five teens were hospitalized after a shooting Monday night in Englewood.Around 9:40 p.m., the group was standing on the sidewalk in the 5700 block of South Green Street when someone opened fire from a green minivan, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.A 17-year-old girl was shot in gthe chest, another 17-year-old girl was grazed in the abdomen and a 16-year-old girl was shot in the left foot. They were all taken to Stroger Hospital, Sedevic said.A 16-year-old boy was shot in the right leg and another 16-year-old boy was shot in the right leg and right hand. They were both taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, Sedevic said.All the teens were listed in stable condition, Sedevic said.No one is in custody for the shooting, which appears to be gang related, Sedevic said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
5,9,266570,"December 21, 2014",Florida,Sarasota,4034 N Washington Blvd,2,2,https://patch.com/florida/bradenton/bradenton-man-killed-sarasota-bar-shooting-0,"Two people are dead and three others wounded following a shooting at Kay's Lounge in Sarasota early Sunday morning.According to the Sarasota County Sheriff's Office, the incident occurred around 1:20 a.m. at the 4034 N. Washington Blvd. bar.Deputies say Todd Thompson, 24, of Bradenton and Vincent Dipina, 26, of Sarasota were both killed. Terrell Harris, 23, and Takila Hayes, 26, both sustained non-life-threatening injuries. A fifth victim suffered injuries from broken glass while trying to assist those who had been shot. Deputies have no released that person's identity.The three male victims were found initially and were airlifted to a trauma center, the sheriff's office said in an email to media. The fourth victim, a woman, drove herself to Sarasota Memorial Hospital.Deputies have not released suspect information at this time, but ask that anyone who has information about the crime call 941-861-4900. Anonymous tips may also be submitted by contacting Crime Stoppers at 941-366-TIPS or online atwww.sarasotacrimestoppers.com.Image via ShutterstockTo request removal of your name from an arrest report, submitthese required itemstoarrestreports@patch.com."
6,10,268910,"December 21, 2014",Mississippi,Waynesboro,Central Avenue,1,4,http://www.wdam.com/story/27682998/1-dead-4-injured-in-nightclub-shooting,"WAYNESBORO, MS (WDAM) -Copyright 2014 WDAM. All rights reserved2362 U.S. Hwy 11 MoselleMoselle, MS 39459(800) 844-9326A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
7,12,266407,"December 20, 2014",Illinois,Rockford,3200 block of Montrose Avenue,4,0,https://www.rrstar.com/story/news/2020/12/26/rockford-quadruple-homicide-victims-mother-finds-peace-forgiveness/4028050001/,"ROCKFORD — Six years after a Rockford woman tragically lost her daughter and two grandsons in a quadruple homicide, she says she's chosen to forgive the killer.“By the grace of God, he has given me peace,” said Rolanda Collins, who spent the anniversary of their death last weekend surrounded by family. There was no special memorial or tribute, just a place of love, she said.Collins' daughter, Martia Flint, was at home with her two sons, Tyrone Smith III, 6, and Tobias K. Smith, 4, and her boyfriend, Demontae Rhodes, on Dec. 20, 2014, when all four were shot to death.Calvin L. Carter, 28, who has ties to Rockford and the St. Louis area, was convicted of the killings and sentenced to four life terms plus 280 years in prison.More:‘They deserve to be celebrated’: Hundreds mourn loss of slain Rockford familyMore:Calvin Carter sentenced to four life terms plus 280 years for killing 4Since the trialended in 2017, Collins has relocated to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where she has joined World Outreach and Bible Training Center. Her new church home has provided support and comfort over the years, and that's where she found the strength to forgive Carter.“There’s a group at the church called the Healing Clinic. I ended up going there one day because I needed healing. It was imparted to me that I needed to forgive my daughter’s murderer in order to become free.“I decreed and declared, ‘I forgive you Calvin Carter, for what you took from me, for what you did to my daughter and my grandchildren.’ I said it and I said it from my heart. My life has not been the same since. I have found so much peace and I’ve developed a deeper level with Christ.”She’s gotten involved with church organizations that work in the community.“Being a victim of domestic violence myself and suffering the loss of my family members and loved ones, I’ve made it a priority [to help] other families who are deemed high risk due to domestic violence. It’s as prevalent here as in Rockford.”Within the last year, Collins has also started journaling.A Mother’s Prayerwas formed in 2015 with a mission of neutralizing violence, restoring hope in the community and transforming youths’ minds. It was founded based on Collins' tragedy and loss, but since her move, it’s been dormant.That’s about to change.She's relaunching A Mother's Prayer in Wisconsin to help women in abusive relationships. Collins said she was once in one and then after learning about her daughter’s relationship, she felt called to be a resource for other victims.“We’re looking for a building to house people or assist people who are in need of transitional housing or a safe house,” she said.The organization will also help them obtain an order of protection.She wants other women to know their value and self-worth.“I want to encourage them and build them up,” she said.If a woman finds herself in a domestic violence situation, Collins said the first step is for them to ask themselves ‘Who am I?’ so they can acknowledge their self-worth. From there, they must seek help from loved ones.“One thing my daughter didn’t do is she didn’t tell me, she told everybody else but me,” she said. “What hurts me more than anything is my daughter didn’t give me the opportunity to help her.”Collins encourages women to get to a safe place.“Once there, you can take action,” she said. “There is nothing anyone can (do to) justify why they put their hands on you or demean your character.”A Mother’s Prayer is Collins' way of keeping her daughter’s legacy alive.“Because he got sentenced to life, that equals justice for some, but it doesn’t for me,” she said. “I’m sure the Rhodes family would agree. That doesn’t equal justice for us. That doesn’t bring our children back. That doesn’t make us feel better.“I still get angry at times, but when I look at A Mother’s Prayer and what’s about to be birthed and transpire I know there’s a platform God is escalating me to so I can help others who are victims of a violent crime such as this.”A Mother’s Prayer is seeking sponsors and is collecting donations such as winter clothes for women, coats, boots and more. People can call her at 414-544-3791 or email atCollinsrolanda@icloud.comto schedule a drop-off. All messages will be returnedwithin 24 hours, she said.Cash donations can be sent via Cash App $UniqueStyles713.Andrea V. Watson:awatson@rrstar.com;@andreavwatson12"
8,13,264901,"December 16, 2014",New Jersey,Elizabeth,Anna Street,0,4,http://7online.com/news/police-investigating-after-4-shot-outside-elizabeth-teen-center/439715/,"WATCHVIDEOSBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.Victim of Anti-Asian attack in front of building speaks outUnion files lawsuit on behalf of Asian American detective who was harassedMore COVID-19 vaccination sites opening in NYC"
9,14,263556,"December 15, 2014",Pennsylvania,Lansdale,100 block of West 5th St,7,0,http://articles.philly.com/2015-12-16/news/69065523_1_bradley-stone-ex-wife-nicole-stone,"Take a journey into the past and reminisce about great moments in Philadelphia history© 2021 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLCTerms of Use/Privacy Policy/California NoticeCalifornia residents do not sell my data request© 2021 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLCTerms of Use/Privacy Policy/California NoticeCalifornia residents do not sell my data request"
10,15,263376,"December 14, 2014",Florida,Miami,1311 Northwest 2nd Avenue,1,4,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/One-of-Five-Victims-in-Overtown-Drive-By-Shooting-Dies-Miami-Police-286224471.html,"One of the five people hospitalized aftera drive-by shooting in Overtown this past weekendhas died, police said Thursday.Julian Bryant, 22, died Wednesday night, Miami Police said.Bryant was among a group of people who were standing in front of 1311 Northwest 2nd Avenue when a black SUV drove by and someone opened fire Sunday night.Witnesses said 20-30 shots were fired. Victims ranged in age from 17 to 54.The motive for the shooting remains unknown. Police are still looking for the SUV.Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS."
11,18,259935,"December 7, 2014",Indiana,South Bend,16000 block of Roosevelt Road,0,4,http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/local/held-after-shooting-at-event-center/article_b95a82eb-adf8-5a60-8e4c-eadf6d7700d8.html,"MISHAWAKA — One man is charged with illegally carrying a handgun in connection with a shooting that injured four people after a party swelled to hundreds of people at an event center in southeastern St. Joseph County.Rodney Taylor, 34, was arrested on a single count of being a serious violent felon in possession of a handgun after police responded to gunfire at the Oaks at Southpaw Farm, 16323 Roosevelt Road, early Sunday morning.County police were still working to identify possible suspects in the shooting, Lt. Matt Blank, a spokesman, said Wednesday. He said Taylor was part of the investigation, but it was unclear if he was suspected of taking part in the gunfire.Three of the victims were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries Sunday morning, and a fourth ran away from the scene of the shooting. None of the victims had provided police with information about possible shooters.""We're getting very little cooperation,"" Blank said. ""This thing's kind of moving real slow at this point.""Terrance Shorter, 22; Armond Davis, 21; and Brandon Burton, 21, were among those injured.Police who responded to the shooting found a chaotic scene, as party-goers tried to run away before officers could secure the area. Police estimated about 500 people attended the event.Blank said management at the Oaks likely had no idea the party, which was originally billed as a much smaller event, would end in violence.""I think they're more the victim here than anything,"" he said. ""I'm quite sure they had no idea"" the event would spiral out of control.The Oaks is operated by a Christian organization called Point of Light Ministries, according to its website. The 77-acre property once belonged to former Major League Baseball pitcher Jamie Moyer, who converted the large barn into an 11,000-square-foot home. A reporter's call to the facility went unanswered Wednesday.According to court documents, the shooting Sunday broke out on the back deck of the house. Security guards may have also been involved in an altercation around the time the shooting broke out, according to the documents.Police found Taylor in an upstairs bedroom. A black-and-silver handgun was allegedly found in his pocket. He previously served time in federal prison for his role in a bank robbery, the court documents said.574-235-6480csheckler@sbtinfo.com@jcshecklerSuccess!An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.The news you need to start your day, sent weekday mornings.The day's top 5 news headlines, sent weekday evenings."
12,20,226983,"December 2, 2014",Virginia,Newport News,6128 Jefferson Ave ,0,5,http://wtkr.com/2014/12/02/update-five-men-shot-outside-of-deja-vu-restaurant-in-newport-news/,"MenuNewport News, Va. - Five people were shot during a reported fight outside Deju Vu restaurant in Newport News on Tuesday night.Newport News Police responded to the restaurant in the 6100 block of Jefferson Avenue around 8:30 p.m. after receiving calls reporting the shooting.An investigation revealed that several people were shot when a fight broke out between two groups of people.Police found out that three of the victims had arrived at a local hospital emergency room. A fourth victim was found at nearby Crittenden Middle School and transported to a local hospital.Police were later notified that a gunshot victim had also arrived at the Hampton VA Hospital before being transferred to another hospital. That person was determined to be the fifth victim in the shooting incident.All five victims are men, ages 28, 32, 42, 45, and 59. They are all being treated for non-life threatening injuries.Newport News Police Detectives say the investigation is a top priority right now. They were back out at the scene in the 6100 block of Jefferson Avenue on Tuesday morning.Investigators paid extra special attention to a black SUV. It's marked with at least two bullet holes and is parked in the same area where the victims were shot.""It was like, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom and then it was like silence, then it was like bam bam bam bam bam and then it went boom boom boom like a shotgun would make,"" said a man who heard the shooting.He was too afraid to be identified, but lives nearby. He says he was standing on his back porch when it all went down.""I seen one gentleman, he had a handgun because I could see the muzzle fire off of it, because he was shooting back at the truck,"" he says.That neighbor says there have been problems here before, but nothing like last night.If you have any information that, take action and call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP.Report a typo"
13,21,226388,"November 30, 2014",New York,Brooklyn,375 Remsen Avenue,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/gang-dispute-blamed-shooting-brooklyn-baby-shower-article-1.2029774,"The gunman who shot and wounded four people in front of a Brooklyn baby shower was in a gang beef with the baby daddy of the mother-to-be, police said.The father of the unborn child is affiliated with the Crips gang, police said.The gunman, who was still at large Monday, was believed to be acting on behalf of an opposing gang when he opened fire in front of Remsen Hall on Remsen Ave. in Brownsville on Sunday night, police said."
14,22,226534,"November 30, 2014",Tennessee,Chattanooga,2412 East 13th Street ,0,5,http://www.wrcbtv.com/story/27508990/deputies-early-morning-shooting-injures-5-people,
15,25,225830,"November 28, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1849 East Brooks Road ,0,4,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/27500884/shooting-outside-memphis-bikini-bar,"MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Memphis police officers are investigating a shooting at a bikini bar that sent four people to local hospitals on Friday morning.Police were called to Pure Passion at 1849 East Brooks Road just before 4 a.m. where multiple shots were fired in the parking lot.Two victims, ages 19 and 24, were taken to Regional Medical Center. The 19-year-old victim is in critical condition. The 24-year-old victim was shot in the leg; she is in non-critical condition.An 18-year-old victim was driven to the hospital by someone who was on the scene. A fourth victim was driven to Methodist University Hospital. He was shot in the arm and listed in non-critical condition.According to investigators, the shots were fired into a crowd from someone in a white car.Keto Brown was in his hotel room, not too far from the crime scene.""I did hear the gunshots in the hotel, but I didn't think nothing of it because in this area, it's like that sometimes,"" he said.Randy Williams, who is the club's Promoter, said the shooting happened next door rather than on their property.""There was no problem inside the club. No shooting on this parking lot,"" he said. ""Everything went good for the night.""The Thanksgiving Day shooting is not the first time Pure Passion has been in the news. In 2008, Shelby County District Attorney's Officeshut the club down for illegal drug useand drug sales following a 4-month-long investigation.The club eventually reopened.Most recently, in April 2014,a 25-year-old man was killed and another was rushed to the hospitalafter witnesses told police someone opened fire into their car.""There has been a few problems before, but recently we haven't had any problems at all,"" Williams added.If you have any information about the shooting that sent four people to hospitals, call Crime Stoppers at 901-528-CASH.Copyright 2014 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
16,27,225036,"November 26, 2014",California,San Francisco,Mission and 13th streets,0,6,http://abc7news.com/news/six-injured-two-critically-in-sf-shooting/412017/,WATCHVIDEOSSan Francisco shooting scene
17,28,224362,"November 23, 2014",Virginia,Parksley,Parksley Road,0,4,http://wtkr.com/2014/11/24/man-accused-of-shooting-four-people-inside-accomack-co-home/,"MenuAccomack County, Va. – A 23-year-old man is behind bars after officials in Accomack County say he fired at a home and shot four people inside.This happened on Parksley Road on November 23rd. Authorities were notified about the incident at 1:55 a.m.The four victims were all taken to Riverside Shore Memorial Hospital for treatment. They are considered stable at the moment.Deputies say this happened during an argument at a party. They arrested and charged 23-year-old Jaquan Cortez Portier of Hopeton who was taken into custody in Pungoteague.He has been charged with discharging  a firearm in an occupied building, aggravated malicious wounding, use of a firearm in the commission of a felony and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.He is now in the Accomack County Jail with no bond.If you have any information about this crime, please call the Accomack County Sheriff’s Office at 757-787-1131 or 757-824-5666.Report a typo"
18,29,224131,"November 23, 2014",Colorado,Denver,Federal Boulevard and 16th Avenue,1,4,http://denver.cbslocal.com/2014/11/24/man-killed-in-shooting-at-denver-bar-identified/,"DENVER (CBS4)– The identity of a man shot to death at a bar on Federal Boulevard early Sunday morning has been released.The coroner says Kevie Durham, 24, was killed in the shooting at a bar called The Beach located near Federal Boulevard and 16th Avenue.Kevie Durham performed as KL Tha General (credit: Facebook)Durham was one of five people shot during some sort of fight at the bar. The others suffered injuries that weren’t considered life-threatening.Durham was an up-and-coming rap singer from Denver known as KL Tha General. He was scheduled to perform this Saturday.Durham’s music producer Russ P. called him one of the most talented rappers in Denver.“Literally I think he might actually have been my first client,” Russ P. said.Kevie Durham performed as KL Tha General (credit: Facebook)Durham’s music videos and songs show tens of thousands of views and downloads online. Russ P. says his career was about to take off as he was planning to move to Atlanta.Friends say Durham was a man devoted to his family and his career.“He was really was the last person that I expected this to happen to,” Russ P. said. “This guy really had a chance, with his talent, to go places with it.”The Beach on Federal Boulevard (credit: CBS)Officers are still interviewing hundreds of possible witnesses. They don’t know exactly what happened or if Durham was targeted.“At this point we don’t know what the motive was behind this shooting,” Ron Hackett with Denver police said.Friends and family are planning a benefit for Durham’s family Tuesday night atOver There Off Hampden Bar and Grille. Agofundme.compage has also been set up to help pay for funeral costs."
19,31,223799,"November 22, 2014",South Dakota,Sisseton,Fourth Avenue,4,1,https://www.argusleader.com/story/news/crime/2014/12/19/domestic-violence-behind-shooting-five-sisseton/20659351/,"Domestic violence was the driving force behind the shooting deaths of four people last month in Sisseton, according to Attorney General Marty Jackley.Colter Arbach, 22, used two guns to kill Vernon Renville Jr., Angela Adams, Candice Labelle and himself on Nov. 22 at a home in Sisseton, Jackley said at a press conference Friday in Sisseton.Arbach also injured Karissa Dog Eagle in the attack, shooting her several times.Jackley said Dog Eagle and Arbach were involved in a relationship, and that Dog Eagle had ended the relationship on the morning of Nov. 22.Arbach had punched her three times that night inside a house on Fourth Avenue.Dog Eagle and Adams planned to contact family members after the altercation, Jackley said.""They were going to call a mother. When Karissa told that to Colter, he grabbed the .223 and began shooting in a very rapid fashion,"" Jackley said.Arbach used a .223 rifle and a 12-gauge shotgun to fire on Renville Jr., whose body was found next to the driver's side door of a Kia vehicle. The bodies of Labelle and Adams were found on the other side of the vehicle. Both passenger side doors of the Kia were open.""Karissa was shot several times in the back,"" Jackley said.Arbach's body was found outside the home, as well. A total of 18 spent shell casings from the .223 and three shotgun shells were found outside the home. Arbach's blood alcohol content was .123, over the legal limit to drive, but no other drugs were found in his system.Autopsies confirmed that all the victims had died of gunshot wounds.State investigators worked alongside law enforcement from the Sisseton-Wahpeton Sioux Tribe to piece together the events surrounding the shooting, Jackley said.Tribal Secretary Robin Quinn thanked police for their help and thanked state and national supporters for their help during what she called a trying time for the community.""I'm asking that our community stay in your prayers and we work to heal,"" Quinn said.A fund has been established for the victims' families atgofundme.com/hrg674.""I would encourage South Dakotans to contribute to that,"" Jackley said."
20,33,223582,"November 21, 2014",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh,600 block of Miller Avenue,0,6,http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2014/11/21/police-6-shot-outside-of-clairton-speakeasy/,"PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – Clairton and Allegheny County Police continue to investigate after a half-dozen people were shot overnight inside what investigators describe as a “speakeasy.”It was about 3:30 a.m. when Clairton Police got a number of 911 calls about gunfire that began inside the establishment on the 600-block of Miller Avenue.On Friday afternoon, workers from the City of Clairton made sure no one would go back into the building, which is now condemned.A group of young men, not believed to be local to Clairton, confronted a group already inside and then the gunfire rang out.“From what we’re piecing together, it sounds like there was a group of young men who arrived, who are not local to Clairton. We’re not sure where they’re from, and shortly after they arrived, there was some type of fight and then the shooting following thereafter,” said Allegheny County Police Lt. Andrew Schurman.In all, six people were shot, and victims as well as patrons scattered. Two were in serious condition at mid-day. Three people were transported to hospitals from the scene. Three other victims showed up later at area hospitals by their own means.All of the victims are men in their early 20s.The gunfire started in the building, but may have spilled out into the street.“There is a car that showed up at one of the hospitals with bullet holes in it, so it may have,” said Lt. Schurman.The sign on the door said members only 21 or older, but investigators called what went on inside as a speakeasy where liquor was sold without a license.“In speaking with the Clairton police, the understanding that I have is that this establishment is not a licensed business, and in some capacity, they are selling alcohol illegally,” said Lt. Schurman. “They used the term ‘speakeasy’ to describe it. Obviously, they were looking into what was going on in this  building prior to the shooting.”Allegheny County Police are continuing to investigate and look for witnesses.Anybody with information about the shooting is asked to call Allegheny County Police.You May Also Be Interested In These Latest News Stories[display-posts category=”news” wrapper=”ul” posts_per_page=”4″]Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook PageStay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter"
21,34,222792,"November 19, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,700 block of North St. Louis Avenue,1,3,http://abc7chicago.com/news/4-wounded-in-east-garfield-park-shooting/402447/,WATCHVIDEOSFatal shooting near Humboldt Park
22,39,221577,"November 15, 2014",Florida,Miami,NW 55th and 12th,1,3,http://www.local10.com/news/police-identifiy-man-killed-in-liberty-city-shooting/29776834,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorMIAMI– A man who was killed in a Liberty City shooting over the weekend has been identified as Vincent Miller, 49.Three others were injured in the Saturday night shooting near Northwest 54th Street and 14th Avenue.Miami police said Miller was rushed to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Ryder Trauma Center where he died from his injuries.The three other victims were also taken to the hospital, where they were still recovering on Sunday.Police said a motive for the shooting wasn't immediately known.Follow Local 10 News on Twitter@WPLGLocal10Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
23,40,217831,"November 8, 2014",California,Pomona,499 E. Arrow Highway,0,5,http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-five-shot-pomona-park-20141109-story.html,"Five people were shot and wounded when a gunman opened fire in a Pomona park Saturday night, police said.Officers were called to Palomares Park at 499 E. Arrow Highway at about 7:55 p.m. after reports of shots fired from a nearby vehicle, police said.Three men and two women who “frequent the park” suffered gunshot wounds and went to Pomona Valley Medical Center, said Lt. Ron McDonald. They were reported in stable condition.The gunman remains at large.Investigators are trying to determine if the attack was gang-related. The victims range in age from 31 to 56, McDonald said.Twitter:@CarlaRiveraLatThe perils of parenting through a pandemicWhat’s going on with school? What do kids need? Get 8 to 3, a newsletter dedicated to the questions that keep California families up at night.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Follow UsCarla Rivera is an assistant editor in Metro who previously covered higher education for the Los Angeles Times.Subscribers Are ReadingCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCAccepted students are in the power position this month as competitive colleges try to impress them to say yes in a year of record applications to the University of California and other elite schools.More CoverageCompany TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’Company TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’The email lands at a sensitive time for the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn., which has come under pressure for not having any Black members as well as allegations of ethical and financial lapses raised in a Times investigation.Housing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planThe mayor’s proposed budget, set for release Tuesday, comes at a moment of heightened frustration over the city’s handling of homelessness.CaliforniaThings to do in Southern California after you’re vaccinatedCaliforniaThings to do in Southern California after you’re vaccinatedMuseums, amusement parks and events are reopening. Here’s where and how to spend your time (safely) if you’re looking for something to do.Coronavirus, Vaccines and PandemicWorld & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19World & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19The State Department is urging Americans not to travel to most places overseas because of the risks from the COVID-19 pandemic.CaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesCaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesWith five new additions, 38 of California’s 58 counties are now in the orange tier. Three are in the final yellow tier, 17 remain in the red tier.More CoverageCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterNew COVID-19 vaccination clinics at the Palmdale and Lancaster Metrolink stations will offer free shots with no appointments required.ArchivesTracking reopeningsArchivesTracking reopeningsLatest on vaccines and pandemicLatest on vaccines and pandemicCoronavirus and COVID-19 pandemic and health news.Latest CaliforniaCaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesCaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesThe LAPD issues a moratorium on using certain projectile weapons at protests after a federal judge rules for Black Lives Matter L.A. and other groups.MusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againMusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againStarting in May, School of Rock students have the option to return to live learning. “I miss playing on stage with my band,” says 12-year-old Daniel.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.Mayor Eric Garcetti included a $24-million Basic Income Guaranteed program in his city budget to be released Tuesday.CaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationCaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationU.S. water officials are projecting that man-made lakes will fall to historically low levels and trigger an official shortage declaration for the first time.CaliforniaAs underserved areas grapple with vaccine inequities, Sean Penn’s nonprofit joins effort to get doses to residentsCaliforniaAs underserved areas grapple with vaccine inequities, Sean Penn’s nonprofit joins effort to get doses to residentsCORE, co-founded by Sean Penn, has launched a campaign to increase shots in communities of color hit hard by the pandemic.More CoverageSubscribe for unlimited accessFollow Us"
24,41,217401,"November 7, 2014",California,Compton,136th Street ,0,4,http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Four-Men-Shot-in-Compton-282014341.html,"Two men were in critical condition after being shot in Compton on Friday night.Four males suffered injuries in the incident, which occurred on 136th Street at around 11:45 p.m.Two were transported to local hospital in critical condition, while the others were treated at the scene and released, according to the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department.Local news from across Southern CaliforniaIt is unknown what led up to the shooting or if it was gang related at this time, and the incident is under active investigation."
25,42,218054,"November 7, 2014",California,Los Angeles,East 126th Street and North Compton Avenue,0,4,http://www.presstelegram.com/general-news/20141108/four-shot-outside-willowbrook-apartment,"Trending:LOS ANGELES (CNS) – Four men were hospitalized today with gunshot wounds received late Friday, authorities said.Two of the shooting victims suffered critical injuries, one requiring surgery and two others escaped the shooting attack with less serious injuries, a Los Angeles County Fire Department dispatcher said.It happened about 11:45 p.m. near the intersection of East 126th Street and North Compton Avenue, Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Lt. Jason Wolak said.Two of the victims were in their early 20s, and the other two in their late 30s, Wolak said.All were gathered outside an apartment when a suspect, or suspects, began firing, Wolak said.The shooting was being investigated by a gang unit, he said.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
26,43,216533,"November 5, 2014",California,San Francisco,1100 block of Alabama Street ,0,4,http://abc7news.com/news/six-injured-in-two-separate-shootings-in-san-francisco/383097/,WATCHVIDEOSSan Francisco police said four people were shot in San Francisco's Mission District Wednesday night.
27,44,212884,"October 29, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,Yale Road and Ramill Road,0,5,http://wreg.com/2014/10/29/several-people-shot-at-memphis-apartment-complex/,"WREG.comby:Jessica Gertler,George BrownMEMPHIS, Tenn — Police are searching for a group of men who shot five people in Raleigh.One of the victims, a woman trying to break up the fight, was shot in the head.Witnesses said the shooters didn’t care who they hit when they opened fire at the Lexington Apartments near the intersection of Yale and Ramill Roads.Witnesses said the trouble started in a white car and green car, both of which police had towed from the scene.Witnesses said a group of guys in each of the cars were yelling back and forth at each other in the middle of the complex Wednesday afternoon.One witness told WREG a woman tried breaking up the fight when she was shot in the head, and the next thing you know, bullets were flying everywhere.Four other men were hit.Kids were coming home from school as officers were collecting evidence. The children were escorted through the crime scene.“It is really sad. These apartments are really nice. It’s just the people who live in the apartments that are making it rough over here,” Betty Morris said.Morris was shaking when she pulled up to the complex. Thankfully, her husband who works there wasn’t hurt.“I was hoping he was OK. He was fine,” she said.Family members said some of the victims live at the complex, and the woman shot was on vacation visiting her boyfriend.What’s even worse, they said one of the victims just got out of the hospital after being shot last month.“It is sad. The violence needs to stop. It really does. It needs to stop,” Andrea Jennings, who lives next to the complex, said. “Everybody wants to be the bad man. Everybody wants to run around with the guns. It’s everywhere. It’s everywhere! It’s sad.”While a man was put in the back of the cruiser, police said no arrests have been made as of Wednesday night.Police did not release a description of the suspects, but said they are looking for three to four men.As of Wednesday night, three victims were in critical condition at Regional Medical Center, and two others were expected to be OK.WREG will keep you updated on this story.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. — Another molestation charge was filed against a former Desoto County teacher's assistant, according to county authorities.Amy Craft, 48, was arrested on Thursday, April 15, and charged with molesting - touching a child for lustful purposes. The Desoto County Sheriff's Department said the child was under age 16.MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Memphis Police released photos of three suspects believed to be involved in a shooting that left two men dead in Fox Meadows.On April 14, officers were called to Knight Arnold and Mendenhall after a reported shooting. When they arrived, they found Donterrius Johnson, 31, and Babacai Diatta, 15, dead.GRAVES COUNTY, Ky. (WKRN) — A 28-year-old man accused of criminal trespassing and evading arrest may not be giving the thumbs up for long considering he is now facing half a dozen charges.Kentucky State Police reported dispatchers received a call of a suspicious person walking through backyards in Mayfield around 10 p.m. Sunday."
28,47,209134,"October 18, 2014",New York,Queens,33-02 Queens Blvd,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20150306/sunnyside/ex-con-arrested-sunnyside-shooting-that-wounded-4-bystanders-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.QUEENS — An ex-con was arrested Thursday night, nearly six months afterhe opened fire on another man outside a busy Sunnyside nightclub, wounding four bystanders,policesaid.Traevon Robinson, 23, who had violated the parole he was on for a 2011 Queens burglary, was picked up at his South Jamaica home for the Oct. 19 shooting outsideAllure Club and Lounge, 33-02 Queens Blvd., an NYPD spokeswoman said.Robinson, who can be seen in a gray sweater in video released by police, faced charges of felony assault and reckless endangerment, police said.Robinson and another man, who had not been arrested as of Friday morning, were arguing outside the watering hole about 10:45 p.m. when they drew their guns and started shooting, NYPD officials said.Four clubgoers were hit by the crossfire, police said. A 37-year-old man was hit in the chest while the other three, a 19-year-old girl, 23 and 28-year-old men were each hit once in the leg, police said.They brought themselves to area hospitals, officials said.An NYPD spokeswoman said she did not know why Robinson was arguing with the other shooter.Robinson was convicted in 2011 for a burglary and served about 2 years and 8 months behind bars until he was released on parole in April 2014, records show.NYPD officials did not have a description of the second suspect.Next inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityNext inAstoria & Long Island CityCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
29,49,207687,"October 18, 2014",New York,Brooklyn,Lenox Road,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/4-Teens-Open-Fire-on-Brooklyn-Street-Injuring-4-Police-Lenox-Road-Prospect-Lefferts-Gardens-279705202.html,"Four teenagers opened fire on a Brooklyn street, spraying bullets that hit four different men, police said Sunday.The four attackers, all believed to be between the ages of 14 and 16, were wearing black hoodies when they began shooting Saturday at around 10:30 p.m., police said.Police said their bullets injured four men on Lenox Road in Prospect Lefferts Gardens: a 50-year-old who was shot in the chest; a 46-year-old who was shot in the leg; a 19-year-old who was shot in the foot; and a 19-year-old who was shot in the leg.All four were hospitalized in stable condition and were expected to survive, police said."
30,50,206303,"October 16, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Mogul Street,1,3,http://www.myfoxdetroit.com/story/29628849/killer-of-3-year-old-amiracle-williams-sentenced-in-facebook-feud-shooting,"Snow? In April? This is Michigan after all. It won't be a historic blizzard that arrives tonight, but a few inches of flakes will be on the ground by tomorrow morning.Experts at the agency reiterated that the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine’s benefits outweigh the risks.Chesterfield Township police are looking for a teen girl who ran away from home.People spend all day staring at their phones, so when they get into the float therapy tank in Clarkston, they're introduced to a new kind of immersion. One separated from stress and anxiety that comes with the current events we keep up with.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Each week, viewers are given the chance to predict six questions related to each week’s episode on the FOX Super 6 app.Chesterfield Township police are looking for a teen girl who ran away from home.Animal control workers responded to calls from a woman scared that the 'animal' would enter someone's homeWhile a lot of people who received the third stimulus check could really use it, unfortunately, some people may have to return the $1,400.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
31,53,204310,"October 12, 2014",California,Stockton,1100 block of East March Lane,3,1,http://www.kcra.com/news/local-news/news-stockton/stockton-turns-to-state-for-help-after-deadly-weekend-spree/29087668,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Stockton police have called in the state Department of Justice after a series of weekend shootings left five people dead.Watch report: Rash of Stockton homicides has police chief asking for helpOfficer Joe Silva said Stockton police resources were stretched thin by the three separate crime scenes, so the department requested help from DOJ forensic evidence technicians.Related:5 people shot to death within 4 hours in StocktonThe technicians processed the last crime scene, where three people were shot and killed and a fourth was wounded early Sunday morning in the parking lot of a March Lane shopping center.Police have not identified the victims or released a motive for the attack.However, the family members of one of the March Lane victims told KCRA 3 that one of the people shot to death was their relative, Carlita.No last name was provided. The family gave us a photo of Carlita, who is pictured with her 18-month-old daughter.Sunday night, Dallas Bidwell's family identified him as another victim in the March Lane shooting. Bidwell was 19 years old.His relatives said they had no idea why anyone would want to kill the teen.The shooting on March Lane came just hours after a 28-year-old man was shot and killed in a family dispute at a home in the 1500 block of Bordeaux Avenue.Andy Hem, 21, has been arrested in that case.About 10 minutes after that shooting, police received a report of another shooting that claimed the life of a 26-year-old gang member. No names or further details have been released in the incident.KCRA 3's Melinda Meza contributed to this report.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
32,55,204236,"October 11, 2014",New York,Utica,222 Bleecker Street,0,5,http://www.uticaod.com/article/20150203/NEWS/150209881,"The New York City man accused of shooting four people outside the downtown Level Bar & Lounge in October is now facing charges in connection to the incident.The New York City man accused of shooting four people outside the downtown Level Bar & Lounge in October is now facing charges in connection to the incident.Calvin Dennis, 27, is due to appear in Oneida County Court on Friday for 13 charges, including three counts of attempted second-degree murder, two counts each of first-degree and second-degree assault, and two counts of attempted first-degree assault. He also is charged with criminal possession of a firearm, second-degree and third-degree criminal possession of a weapon and menacing a police officer.Dennis is accused of opening fire on a crowd outside the Bleecker Street bar at about 2:15 a.m. Oct. 11. Exactly what prompted the shootings, however, has not yet been revealed.The following individuals – all from Utica – were struck by gunfire, but they survived their injuries: Adrian Liggins, 31; Memphis Delacruz, 22; Ezra McLean, 33; and Rodney Pearson, 23.Dennis was shot by Utica police Officer John Scaramuzzino as he fled the scene and was immediately taken into custody. Scaramuzzino and a New York state trooper had been nearby when the shooting occurred as part of a patrol funded by a state grant to combat gun violence.Dennis has not faced any charges related to the shooting until now.Follow @OD_LaDuca on Twitter or call him at 792-5037.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Uticaod  ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
33,57,204254,"October 8, 2014",New York,Guilderland,1846 Western Ave,4,0,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2786805/Cops-4-slain-include-2-adults-boys-ages-7-10.html,"ByAssociated PressandZoe Szathmary for MailOnlinePublished:14:29 EDT, 9 October 2014|Updated:02:55 EDT, 10 October 20146ViewcommentsTwo boys, ages 7 and 10, and two adults were found slain inside their suburban upstate New York home, authorities said Thursday as they sought the public's help in their investigation.The adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman, but officials weren't saying how the four were related.The victims' names were being withheld while relatives were notified, Albany County District Attorney David Soares said during a news conference in Guilderland.Officials refused to comment about whether the deaths, which were discovered Wednesday afternoon, were a murder-suicide or whether the victims were targeted.'At this point, we don't believe the neighbors have much to fear,' Soares said.Local media, however, have reported the victims were a family.Guilderland Police Chief Carol Lawlor speaks during a press conference Thursday as Albany County District Attorney David Soares, left, and New York State Police Capt. Scott Coburn look onSlain: Officials say the two adults were a 37-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman. Police aren't saying how the four people found were relatedPolice were still at the scene where the homicides were discovered ThursdayPolice, seen Wednesday, have said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigationAuthorities didn't say how the four were killed. Autopsies being conducted Thursday will determine the cause of death, Soares said.Officials said the four were of Chinese descent, but disclosed no other information. Police said they had to enlist help from interpreters to question people for their ongoing investigation.Soares said the boy attended classes in the Guilderland school district.The home where the bodies were found is in a busy residential and commercial stretch of a road just west of Albany.Several police vehicle remained at the scene Thursday.Soares and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious around the home Wednesday afternoon to contact investigators on a telephone tip line: 1-800-448-3847.The victims had ties to a Chinese restaurant, called King's Wok Restaurant, according to local media reports.'Right now, I'm still not believe what happened,' a female employee toldNews10on Wednesday.'Do you know why this may have happened to them?' the unnamed woman also said. 'She's not hurt somebody. People really kind. Everybody's friends. In the Albany area, we're all friends. We know each other.'Fellow employee C.C. Chen toldThe Times-UnionThursday that the victims are relatives of Kam Lo, who owns King's Wok.Lo owns the home where the victims were found, the newspaper reported.'We just saw them yesterday,' Chen told The Times-Union. 'They always come to the restaurant.'Local media reported the victims had ties to a Chinese restaurantPolice secure the scene of the quadruple homicide WednesdayThe slain adults sometimes worked at King's Wok, two women claiming to be family members toldWNYT.Chen Lin, a friend of the family, toldNews 10'They are nice. I know there's two boys and the wife and the husband. The husband was a funny guy.'Guilderland Elementary School Principal Allan Lockwood wrote a letter about the two boys on Thursday, the affiliate stationreported.'It is with profound sadness that I write this letter to our Guilderland Elementary community,' Lockwood wrote. 'Earlier this morning, police confirmed that two of our young students, a fifth grader and a second grader, were among the victims of yesterday's tragic crime on Western Avenue in the Town of Guilderland. Police have not released the names of the victims, pending notification of all next of kin, and so we cannot share further details about the students at this time.'Lockwood wrote that 'a team of counselors, school psychologists, and social workers will be providing support to any students, faculty or staff members in need throughout the coming days.'Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
34,60,201648,"October 4, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1400 block of Gherald Street,2,2,http://wreg.com/2015/03/28/suspect-arrested-for-berclair-shooting/,"WREG.comby:Ashley ForestMEMPHIS, Tenn. — A Memphis man is behind bars Saturday after police say he shot and killed two people in the 1400 block of Gherald Street in October of 2014 during a robbery.Police say 20-year-old Antwon Young and another male approached a group of males demanding their money.Young and the other male began shooting at the men, killing Juan Pedro Garcia and Alvaro Casillas Becerra and severely injuring two others.Antwon Young will is scheduled to be in court on Monday.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. — Another molestation charge was filed against a former Desoto County teacher's assistant, according to county authorities.Amy Craft, 48, was arrested on Thursday, April 15, and charged with molesting - touching a child for lustful purposes. The Desoto County Sheriff's Department said the child was under age 16.MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Memphis Police released photos of three suspects believed to be involved in a shooting that left two men dead in Fox Meadows.On April 14, officers were called to Knight Arnold and Mendenhall after a reported shooting. When they arrived, they found Donterrius Johnson, 31, and Babacai Diatta, 15, dead.GRAVES COUNTY, Ky. (WKRN) — A 28-year-old man accused of criminal trespassing and evading arrest may not be giving the thumbs up for long considering he is now facing half a dozen charges.Kentucky State Police reported dispatchers received a call of a suspicious person walking through backyards in Mayfield around 10 p.m. Sunday."
35,61,201502,"October 4, 2014",California,Pomona,1925 West Holt Avenue ,0,4,http://www.insidesocal.com/sgvcrime/2014/10/05/four-wounded-in-shooting-at-pomona-restaurant-drive-through/,"POMONA >> Four men were hospitalized in stable condition after gunfire erupted in the drive-through of a Mexican restaurant Saturday, police said.The shooting took place just after 6:40 p.m. at Alberto’s Mexican Food, 1925 West Holt Ave., east of Fairplex Drive, Pomona police Sgt. Steve Congalton said in a written statement.The victims were inside a car that was in the drive-through of the restaurant just before the shooting“An altercation took place between the occupants of the vehicle and suspect that were on foot,” Congalton said. “Moments later, shots were fired and four individuals were hit.”A motive in the shooting remained under investigation, though detectives suspected it was gang-related, Congalton said.All four wounded men were flown by helicopter to area hospitals, where they were listed in stable condition, police said. Their ages or cities of residence were not released.No description of the suspects was available.Police were investigating the shooting as attempted murder.Anyone with information was asked to contact Pomona Police Department detectives at 909-620-2085. Tips may also be submitted anonymously via L.A. Regional Crime Stoppers at 800-222-8477.We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailingmoderator@langnews.com."
36,62,198051,"September 29, 2014",South Carolina,Walterboro,29 Sandy Dam Lane,1,7,http://m.live5news.com/live5news/db/330614/content/tsIJVZW4,"2126 Charlie Hall BoulevardCharleston SC 29414(843) 402-5555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
37,64,197416,"September 28, 2014",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,2800 block of Hope Street,0,4,http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2014/09/28/police-investigate-quadruple-shooting-in-fairhill/,"PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Police are investigating a quadruple shooting in North Philadelphia.It happened around 5 a.m. Sunday along the 2800 block of Hope Street in the city’s Fairhill neighborhood.Investigators tell CBS 3 that a group of people got into an argument and then gunfire erupted.Police say four people were shot and wounded, including a 17-year-old boy who was pistol whipped in the head, and then shot in the ankle. A 30-year-old was shot three times in the legs. A 41-year-old man suffered a graze wound to the back and a 37-year-old man was struck in the thigh.The victims were all taken to Temple University Hospital in stable condition.Witnesses tell police the shooter was a Hispanic man. He and an accomplice drove off in a dark-colored vehicle.No arrests have been made.You may also be interested in these news stories:[display-posts category=”sports” wrapper=”ul” posts_per_page=”5″]"
38,65,197384,"September 28, 2014",Florida,Miami,NW 7th Ave and NW 64th St,0,15,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/Second-Arrest-Made-in-Mass-Shooting-at-Nightclub-278424801.html,"A second teen was arrested Tuesday in the shooting of 15 people at a Miami nightclub.The 16-year-old juvenile was charged with one count of accessory after the fact (attempted first degree murder) and 14 counts of accessory after the fact (aggravated battery) for his alleged role in the Sept. 28 shooting at The Spot.The teen told police he was at the club during the shooting but denied knowing the other person charged, 17-year-old Will Campbell, who was arrested Monday, according to the arrest affidavit.But Campbell told detectives Monday that he knew the 16-year-old and that they were both in the club on the night of shooting, the affadavit says. Detectives also said that Campbell’s and the 16-year-old’s Facebook accounts showed pictures of the two together.Police believe Campbell was the triggerman in the mass shooting at The Spot. Campbell is being charged with attempted first-degree murder and 14 counts of aggravated battery with a firearm.Police Chief Manuel Orosa said detectives had been looking for Campbell throughout the weekend before taking him into custody Monday afternoon. Police said Campbell has been talking with detectives with his mother present.Chief Orosa said the shooting stemmed from a fight at Norland Senior High School.“One of his friends got involved in a fight, and when [he] and his friends arrived at The Spot, they found the other person involved in the fight there,"" Orosa said. ""He was told that [another patron] was the other juvenile involved in the fight. So he took out a gun and shot that juvenile, who’s in critical condition at Jackson Memorial Hospital. He also shot at the crowd as he was running away, hitting 14 other people.""Police said since Campbell is still under 18, he will go through the juvenile justice system for now.Orosa said Campbell didn’t have much of an arrest history. The chief said Campbell had arrests for obstructing a police officer and possession of marijuana.Campbell was arrested just days after The Spot's manager Tiffany Johnson was arrested and given a notice to appear in court for allegedly selling liquor without a license.Johnson, 31, was arrested after agents found bottles of liquor behind the bar during an inspection of the facility. The bar only had a license to sell beer and wine."
39,66,197287,"September 27, 2014",Missouri,Saint Louis,2000 block East John Avenue,0,5,http://fox2now.com/2014/09/27/violent-night-of-shootings-in-st-louis/,"FOX 2by:George SellsST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI)-More violence overnight as shots ring out in different parts of the city of St. Louis.  At least one of those shootings was fatal.Police found two men shot inside a car outside of a bar on 7th Street in the Soulard neighborhood. Investigators are still trying to figure out exactly what happened, but witnesses said both men had been inside the bar, Cuz’ Bar & Grill, earlier in the night.The shooting occurred in the parking lot around 3:00am Saturday. The car the two men were in then idled across the parking lot and struck the building.One of the men later died as a result of the shooting. The other man remains in critical and unstable condition. There is no motive for the shooting.Two shot outside Soulard bar. Among three shootings with nine victims overnight.@FOX2nowpic.twitter.com/Jfz1w9kE4e— George Sells (@GeorgeSells)September 27, 2014There were two other shootings in north St. Louis overnight.  A woman and her 4-year-old child were wounded in a drive by shooting around 11:00pm Friday in the 5900 block of Kennerly. The woman and her child were both shot in the leg.  They are all in stable condition. Later, a man showed up at the hospital also suffering from a gunshot wound related to this incident.Five people were shot in another drive by shooting around 2:30am Saturday in the 2000 block East John Avenue. All  the victims are adults and are listed in stable condition. Police are looking for four or five suspects.Police so far do not have any suspects or a motive for these shootings.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.ST. LOUIS, Mo. - The Miss Missouri USA Pageant is taking place on May 1, 2021. The winner represents the state in the national pageant and the final competition is for Miss Universe.A St. Louis-based realtor Ashlyn Hoock is graduating from Washington University this spring. This is her second degree, Hoock also has a Bachelor of Arts in the Chinese language from the University of Mississippi. She will be competing as ""Miss Clayton.""ST. CHARLES, Mo. – The Funny Bone Comedy Club is relocating from Westport to the retail, entertainment, and residential location the Streets of St. Charles. Local and national comedians have been performing at the club over the past 30 years. The new location will be on Beale Street between Prasino and Arch Apparel.JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - Governor Parson accepted a letter of resignation from Dr. Randall Williams earlier today. He has named Deputy Chief of Staff Robert Knodell as Acting Director of the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services.“Dr. Williams has been a huge asset to Missouri, especially this past year in dealing with COVID-19,” Governor Parson writes. “We greatly appreciate all the work he has done for the people of our state and wish him the best in his future endeavors.”FOX 2 and KPLR 11 in St. Louis cover the news in Missouri and Illinois. There are over 68 hours of live news and local programming on-air each week.Our website and live video streams operate 24/7.Download our apps for alertsand follow us on social media for updates in your feed.President Harry Truman said: “It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.” That spirit is alive and well at Fox 2. Our teamwork is on display each and every day.Our news slogan is: “Coverage You Can Count On.” We quite frankly are too busy to worry about who gets the credit. Our main concern is serving the viewer.We go where the stories take us. Whether it be Washington, D.C when aBelleville manopened fire during a congressional baseball game practiceor to Puerto Rico where local Ameren crews restored power after more than 5 months in the dark.Coverage You Can Count On means “Waking up your Day” with our top-rated morning show. From 4:00 am-10:00 am we are leading the way with breaking news.But our early morning crew also knows how to have some fun! Our strong commitment to the communities we serve is highlighted with our Friday neighborhood shows.Our investigative unit consists of three reporters.Elliott Davisfocuses on government waste,Chris Hayesis our investigative reporter, andMike Colombo is our consumer reporter. They work in unison with the news department by sharing resources and ideas.We continue to cover breaking news aggressively and relied on our seasoned journalists to make a difference with the stories we covered. The shooting of Arnold PoliceOfficer Ryan O’Connoris just one example of that.Jasmine Hudawas the only reporter who hadexclusive access to the O’Connor family during his amazing rehabilitation in Colorado.Last, but certainly not least,FOX 2 and KPLR 11 are committed to covering local politics. We host debates among candidates and have the most extensive presidential election coverage. Our commitment to politics isn’t just during an election year.We produce two political shows that air every weekend."
40,67,198064,"September 26, 2014",South Carolina,Florence,650 Turner Rd,1,4,https://www.wmbfnews.com/story/26636473/5-people-shot-in-darlington-co-apparently-after-drug-deal-goes-wrong/,"DARLINGTON COUNTY, SC (WMBF) - Two suspects surrendered to Darlington County officials and have been charged following a September 26, 2014 fatal shooting.Bianca A. Moore, 31, died Tuesday, October 7, 2014 in a local hospital from injuries stemming from being shot, according to Darlington County Coroner Todd Hardee.Alonzo T. Russell Jr., 30, of Florence, turned himself into Darlington County Sheriff's Office. He was wanted for the possession with the intent to distribute marijuana and possession of crack cocaine, according to Sheriff Wayne Byrd.Brice S. Russell, 28, of Florence, has been charged with the same crimes as those of Russell, Jr.A total of five suspects have been arrested and charged in the Darlington shooting.  According to the Darlington County Sheriff's Office:Alonzo Russell Sr., 64, was charged with possession with intent to distribute marijuana and possession of crack cocaine.Sylvester Lamont Jordan, 26, was charged with three counts of attempted murder and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.Damaino Nicholas Thomas, 30, was charged with the same crimes as Jordan.Five people were shot early Friday, September 26 after a drug deal apparently went bad, according to the DCSO.Officials were notified of the shooting at about 1:39 a.m.; it took place in the 600 block of Turner Drive in the Palmetto area of Darlington County.The injured victims were taken by a private vehicle to a local hospital before law enforcement arrived on scene. According to a news release from DCSO, one female victim was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the head.""The incident appears to be the result of a drug deal gone badly,"" Sheriff Wayne Byrd stated.DCSO is working with the State Law Enforcement Division to determine what happened. More information will be released as the investigation continues.Anyone with information on this case is asked to call DCSO at 843-398-4501.Copyright 2014WMBF News. All rights reserved.918 Frontage Rd. EastMyrtle Beach, SC 29577(843) 839-9623A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
41,68,194945,"September 21, 2014",Ohio,East Liverpool,440 First St,0,4,http://www.theintelligencer.net/page/content.detail/id/612546.html,"WHEELING — City officials are looking at options for the location of a new Wheeling Fire Department headquarters, ...WHEELING — Appalachian Power customers’ bills could see a 6% increase if the company’s request to the West ...Catholic schools across West Virginia plan to fully participate in the state’s upcoming Hope Scholarship program, which will create educational ...WHEELING — John Marshall softball coach Ed West has noticed that his team has struggled hitting the ball in the early portion of the season. ...WHEELING — On a day as fine as April can muster, buttercups are whooping it up on the rich silt left behind by winter flooding on Wheeling ...If the human toll is not enough reason for some elected and bureaucratic officials to take seriously the fight against substance abuse in our state, here is one that ...After covering the 60-day legislative session, I almost always need the week after to recover, decompress, and catch up on things.

For example, I feel like I ...Sharon Sue Blount, 70, Martins Ferry, died April 19. Memorial at a later date. Arrangements by Wilson Funeral Ho- me. Online condolences at www.wilsonfuneral- homes.comBy CUNEYT DIL Associated Press
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — West Virginia's coronavirus vaccination drive is slowing down as fewer people come forward to get shots, ...Read a digital version of the newspaper on your computer, tablet or smart phone using either an app or a web browser.Employment News ›Today's breaking news and more in your inboxAdvertising affords you the opportunity to give people reasons to do business with you rather than your competition.Copyright © The Intelligencer | https://www.theintelligencer.net | 1500 Main Street, Wheeling, WV 26003 | 304-233-0100 |Ogden Newspapers|The Nutting Company"
42,69,193960,"September 20, 2014",Mississippi,Batesville,8297 Curtis Rd,2,2,http://blog.gulflive.com/mississippi-press-news/2014/09/around_mississippi_2_dead_afte.html#incart_river,"APTOPIX Tennessee Daily LifeXzavier Miles, 2, rests on his mother Juanita Miles' lap during opening day of the Annual Mid-South Fair at The Landers Center in Southaven, Miss., Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The fair has found a home in Mississippi where thousands of people from all over the mid-south enjoy the fun filled action the fair offers during its 10-day run. (AP Photo/The Commercial Appeal, Mark Weber)(Mark Weber)Here are some news and notes around Mississippi today:In Batesville,two men are dead after an early Saturday shooting at a rural grocery store near Batesville.Panola County Coroner Gracie Grant-Gulledge says the dead men are 20-year-old Quendez Robinson and 24-year-old Rodrick Scurlock. Gulledge says Robinson died of a gunshot wound after being taken to Tri-Lakes Medical Center, while Scurlock died at the store in the Curtis Station community, about 7 miles northwest of BatesvilleBoth were shot about 1 a.m. at the Hilltop Grocery, where a party was apparently in progress. At least two other people were shot and are recovering.Panola County Sheriff Dennis Darby tellsWATN-TVthat two gang rivals may have argued. Deputies say a fifth person may have also been grazed by a bullet. Officials are currently questioning several people.In Jackson,Hinds Community College will expand its nursing and allied health programs in Jackson after agreeing to move Mississippi State extension service employees to college property in Raymond.The Hinds County Board of Supervisors voted Sept. 2 to accept the swap.The college will gain use of 11.5 acres and two buildings. President Clyde Muse says one building will be renovated to house classrooms. The property adjoins the college's current nursing and allied health programs near Central Mississippi Medical Center.The college could use the property for a surgical simulation center to help train students. Plans also call for a lodge for families of burn victims being treated at the hospital.The 11 extension service employees will relocate to Eagle Ridge Conference Center in Raymond, possibly as early as Christmas.In Vicksburg,members of the Mayor's Health Council hope to work out a plan under which the Vicksburg farmers market can accept electronic benefits transactions as part of a plan to improve the health of Vicksburg residents.""If we don't get people healthier, they're always going to be sick and depending on the government's pockets,"" said council member Vanessa Prentiss, who teaches health classes at Kings Empowerment Center. ""This is our city, and we want our city to last and our people to last.""Council member Gail Kavanaugh, nutrition director for the Vicksburg Warren School District, told The Vicksburg Post (http://bit.ly/YZ48V8) the system could involve the farmers market manager accepting EBTs -- electronic food stamps -- and issuing tokens that can be traded to market vendors, or allowing farmers to accept EBT payments at their booths.The ability to accept EBT transactions would allow more access to fresh fruits and vegetables for low-income residents, Kavanaugh said. EBT is accepted at several farmers' markets around the state, she said.""It's very important for the community to know this is in the best interest of farmers and the community,"" she said.So far, the move has been a tough sell to farmers, she said.""Many of them are skeptical and don't want the government involved in their business,"" she said.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
43,70,193570,"September 19, 2014",New York,Queens,32-14 106th St,0,4,http://gothamist.com/2014/09/20/four_shot_at_house_party_in_queens.php,"© 2021 New York Public Radio. All rights reserved.Reader support makes Gothamist’s local journalism possible. For our spring membership campaign, we’re looking for 250 new Gothamist members by the end of the month. Make a donation to support Gothamist and local news today.Four young men were shot at a home in East Elmhurst, Queens last night, and the NYPD says the suspected gunman is still at large.According to cops, officers found the four injured men at 32-14 106th St., near Northern Boulevard around 9:50 p.m. last night.CBS 2 reportsthat a house party was going on at the time, and there were two 25-year-old victims, one 24-year-old victim and one 34-year-old victim. One man was shot in his arm, two were shot in their torso and head, and one was shot in the face; all four were transported to Elmhurst General Hospital in stable condition.An investigation revealed that shortly before cops arrived, an unidentified gunman approached the group of men who were hanging out at the residence. Authorities say that after the victims greeted him, the gunman pulled out a rifle and fired off about five shots before fleeing; no arrests have been made at this time.Last night's shooting was one of three in the borough.The Post reportsthat woman sustained a graze wound to her head in Far Rockaway at about 10:30 p.m., and another man was hit with a BB gun bullet in Rosedale at 9:50 p.m. Both victims are expected to survive.By submitting your information, you're agreeing to receive communications from New York Public Radio in accordance with ourTerms.Do you know the scoop?Commentbelow orSend us a TipGothamist is a website about New York City news, arts and events, and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio.arrowSign up for our newsletter! Share your email address to get our top stories each day.By submitting your information, you're agreeing to receive communications from New York Public Radio in accordance with ourTerms.© 2021 New York Public Radio. All rights reserved."
44,72,191416,"September 15, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,Chef Menteur Highway and Dale Street,0,5,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/09/5_shot_in_eastern_new_orleans.html,"Five people were shot Monday evening in the 6700 block of Chef Menteur Highway. (Google Maps)Five men where shot Monday night (Sept. 15) at aneastern New Orleansintersection called ""Million Dollar Corner"" by locals for the prolific drug deals conducted in plain view.The five men -- ages 20, 27, 35, 54 and 60 -- were shot a little before 8 p.m. near a gas station and convenience store at the intersection of Chef Menteur Highway and Dale Street, saidNOPDspokesman Officer Frank Robertson.The 27-year-old was struck multiple times, while the remaining men were each shot once, said Robertson, citing preliminary information. Two of the men were taken to an area hospital by ambulance while three arrived by private vehicle, Robertson said.Their conditions were not immediately available, but all five remained hospitalized Monday night.Initial evidence suggested that one of the men may have been the target of the gunfire, Robertson said, adding that detectives do not believe the five men were together at the time of the shooting.Nearly a dozen evidence markers could be seen on the street and sidewalk on Dale Street. It's an intersection that some locals said was plagued by drug trafficking and violence.Last month, two men ages 65 and 23 wereshot multiple timesnear that intersection. The next block over on Chef Menteur,43-year-old Clarence Wilsonwas shot in the head back in May following an argument near the intersection of Chef Menteur and America Street.""I tell my kids not to walk by there,"" said nearby resident Nell Clark, who stood near the crime scene with her three children -- 14, 13 and 10. ""S--- always happens up there, and I don't want them getting shot. This is no place to raise kids.""Evidence of past violence could be easily seen at the intersection. A silver traffic signal control box at the corner was covered in the words ""RIP Al,"" scrawled in black along with ""Goose Boy"" and ""East Beast ENT.""Some at the scene said the shooting was likely the result of retaliation.""The word went out: Anybody hang out around that tree going to get shot -- every time,"" said one man, who did not want to give his name.Another resident predicted Monday's shooting would be met with even more violence.""The gunman is still out there riding around,"" said Angela Hartford. ""There's going to be more shooting around here.""NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune photographer David Grunfeld contributed to this report.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
45,74,190599,"September 14, 2014",Alaska,Anchorage,225 E Fifth,0,6,http://www.adn.com/article/20140914/6-wounded-1-critically-morning-shooting-outside-downtown-bar,"SubscribeAccountActivationManage accountLOG OUTSix people were wounded, one critically, in an early morning shooting Sunday outside a downtown after-hours club, Anchorage police said.Officers were called to the Kodiak Bar, 225 E. Fifth Avenue, at 4:25 a.m. for a reported shooting, the police department said in a news release.Victims told police that a group of family and friends were standing outside the Kodiak when an argument between one person and two suspects led to gunfire.Six people were hit. According to police, Jonah Silva, 20, received a life-threatening gunshot wound to the abdomen. As of Sunday evening, police spokeswoman Anita Shell said, he was still believed to be in critical condition.Randi Popalii, 33, was shot in the foot. Willie Popoalli, 34, was shot in the back. Dorothy Tialino, 20, was shot in the shoulder.Tasi Silva, 21, was shot in the waist and knee. Derrick Parson, 21, was shot in the forearm. None of their wounds were considered life-threatening by police.Police are looking for two male suspects.The Kodiak stays open after normal bar closing hours as an ""after hours"" club offering food and music -- but no alcohol -- until 5 or 6 a.m., the establishment says on its Facebook page. A planned name change to Club Nocturnal is in the works.The victims did not know the suspects before the morning of the shooting, police spokeswoman Shell said.On Sunday, police closed Fifth Avenue between Cordova and Barrow streets for hours while APD crime scene investigators worked.The Kodiak was closed. An apparent bloodstain remained on the sidewalk near the corner of East Fifth Avenue and Barrow Street.Alaska NewsAnchorageMichelle Theriault Boots is a reporter who covers news and features about life in Alaska, and has been focusing on corrections and psychiatric care issues in the state. Contact her at mtheriault@adn.com."
46,76,188332,"September 6, 2014",Florida,Orlando,2015 Orange Blossom Trail,0,4,"http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-5-shot-drive-by-kwik-stop-gas-20140906,0,7824004.story","A drive-by shooting at a gas station on South Orange Blossom Trail early Saturday sent four people in their twenties to the hospital, officials said.The shooting happened just after 3 a.m. near the Kwik Stop's Kaley Avenue entrance, according to Orange County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Neil Mitchell.Officials say shots were fired at the group ""loitering"" near the gas station from a passing vehicle with multiple men inside.The victims were taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries, Sheriff's Office spokesman Jeff Williamson said.The shooting victims have been identified as Thomas May, 26, , Joseph Edwards, 28, , Demetria Childers, 27, and Roger Montgomery, 29.Deputies continue searching for the suspected gunmen, Williamson said.A description of the suspect's vehicle hasn't been released.""There was a description but we rather not put that out considering it may not be accurate,"" Mitchell said.Tiffany WaldenRecommended"
47,79,185430,"September 3, 2014",California,Los Angeles,East 27th and Stanford ,0,6,http://abc7.com/news/gunfire-erupts-again-in-south-la;-8-injured/294172/,WATCHVIDEOSGunfire erupts again in South LA; 8 injured
48,80,184507,"September 2, 2014",California,Highland,25000 block of Fifth Street ,0,5,http://www.pe.com/articles/shooting-749292-san-bernardino.html,"Trending:CORRECTION: In an earlier version of this story, the location of the shooting was incorrect.Five people were injured in an early morning shooting in Highland, an official said.The shooting was reported at 12:03 a.m. Tuesday at an apartment complex in the 25100 block of Fifth Street, according to a San Bernardino County sheriff’s news release.The four female victims and one male victim, all between the ages of 18 and 24, were hanging out in a garage when an unknown man walked up and opened fire, the release stated.The five victims were taken to Loma Linda University Medical Center. An 18-year-old woman was in critical condition, and a 21-year-old man was in moderate to critical condition, the release said.The gunman is at large and the motive is unknown.Contact the writer:psurowski@pe.com, 951-368-9567, follow him on Twitter at@PeterSurowskiandlike him on Facebook.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
49,85,180018,"August 24, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,8300 block of South Halsted Street,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20140824/auburn-gresham/auburn-gresham-lounge-shooting-leaves-one-dead-three-injured,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A 30-year-old man was fatally shot and three others were injured during a drive-by shooting at an Auburn Gresham lounge early Sunday.The men were in a lounge in the 8300 block of South Halsted Street around 2:35 a.m. when someone drove past in a light colored car and opened fire. A 30-year-old was shot in his chest and transported to Advocate Christ Medical Center in critical condition. He was later pronounced dead, said Officer Ana Pacheco, a Chicago police spokeswoman.The man was identified as James McCoy, of Peoria, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office.A 39-year-old man was also taken to Christ Hospital in stable condition after being shot in his buttocks. A 32-year-old man was shot in his chest and taken to Stroger in serious condition. A 41-year-old was shot in the ankle and in good condition at Little Company of Mary Hospital, Pacheco said.Police had been called to the club before the shooting — at 1 a.m. and 2:10 a.m. — for noise, theTribunereported. There were 200 to 300 people reportedly inside and outside the club when police responded the first two times, theTribunesaid.No one is in custody for the shooting.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
50,86,180580,"August 24, 2014",Georgia,Augusta,1013 Carrie Street,1,3,http://chronicle.augusta.com/news/crime-courts/2014-10-03/bond-set-carrie-street-homicide,
51,88,178425,"August 20, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,1400 block of Briarcrest Lane,0,5,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/26340737/volunteers-fight-back-after-5-shot-in-frayser,"(WMC) - Volunteers turned out to take back their neighborhood Thursday.They hit the streets in Frayser after a shooting that left five people hurt. Like a swarm of bees, volunteers invaded the area clearing out blight and eliminating hiding places near Corning Avenue and Steele Street.""It looks different. So if it looks different, it feels different. And if it feels different, it must be different,"" said one person who lives in the area.The shootings offive men Wednesday nightat the nearby Corning Village Apartments actually brought people together for this positive event quickly organized by the nonprofit LifeLine 2 Success.The group's executive director, DeAndre Brown, told WMC Action News Five, ""It made me angry. Then it made me sad. Our children need to know our neighborhood is safe. They need to know adults will be adults and do the right thing and life is valuable""The Blight Patrol, which contracts with the city, provided services for free. The event ended with block party and cookout.Meanwhile, police have released no new information on what sparked the shooting that left five people injured.Four of the five victims have been released from the hospital, but one remains in critical condition.Copyright 2014 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
52,90,175911,"August 17, 2014",New York,Queens,153-38 118th Ave,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/4-Shot-Injured-South-Jamaica-Queens--271595281.html,"Police say four people were injured in a shooting early Sunday in Queens when two men got out of a car and fired more than 20 rounds at the victims.Two of the victims--a 27-year-old man who was shot in the back and a 26-year-old man who was shot in the chest--are in critical condition. The other two sustained less serious injuries: A 19-year-old man was wounded in the hand and a 23-year-old woman was wound in her stomach and hip.The shooting happened at 153-38 118th Ave. in South Jamaica shortly before 6 a.m., according to the NYPD. Police say the unknown shooters fled the scene in a black-and-silver Audi.All four of the victims were taken to Jamaica Hospital."
53,94,175779,"August 16, 2014",New Jersey,Plainfield,West 3rd Street and Monroe Avenue,1,3,http://7online.com/266123/,"WATCHVIDEOSBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.Victim of Anti-Asian attack in front of building speaks outUnion files lawsuit on behalf of Asian American detective who was harassedMore COVID-19 vaccination sites opening in NYC"
54,97,174544,"August 13, 2014",Tennessee,Clarksville,Treeland Drive,0,4,http://www.theleafchronicle.com/story/news/local/clarksville/2014/08/15/man-shot-dead-police-increase-patrols/14119253/,"CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. – Two men were shot dead and six people were injured in four separate shootings in only five days, leading Clarksville police to ramp up patrols this weekend and ask some businesses to close early.As of Friday evening, no arrests had been made in any of the cases.The latest shooting came Thursday night. Shortly after 9 p.m. Clarksville police were called to the 100 block of Chapel Street, where they found 24-year-old Fran Daniel Caratini of Clarksville on the ground behind one of the apartments.Caratini, called ""Frankie"" by his friends, died at the scene. He did not live in the apartment complex and it was unclear why he was there.On Wednesday, six people were injured in two separate shootings just four hours apart. Clarksville Police Department spokeswoman Natalie Hall said police had no definitive evidence Friday that any of the shootings were related.Victim linked to slain manLast Sunday, another Clarksville man — the uncle of Caratini's young son — was also found shot to death.Andre Mitchell, 27, of Clarksville was found dead in the backseat of a vehicle behind a Waffle House on Fort Campbell Boulevard in Clarksville on Aug. 10, according to a CPD press release. At about the same time, Oak Grove Police responded to a call of shots fired at Club Gravity and found shell casings in the area. That case remains unsolved.Clarksville bail bondsman Jamie Kojac Thomas said Caratini came to see him just two hours before his death Thursday because he had failed to appear in court on a DUI charge on Tuesday. Thomas could have locked him up because a bench warrant had been issued, but Caratini told him that he had arranged through his attorney to appear in court Friday.Caratini had his young son with him and told Thomas that the boy's uncle had been murdered last week.""He said his baby's mama's brother was the one found dead (Sunday),"" Thomas said. ""That kind of floored me.""Caratini asked Thomas not to lock him up Thursday night and promised he would appear in court Friday. Thomas said Caratini was a repeat client, and he had posted bond for him over the years on charges ranging from aggravated assault to speeding. Most of the charges were alcohol related, he said. Caratini was scheduled for a violation of probation hearing Sept. 8.He said he had become friendly with Caratini over the years and was upset when he got the call about his death. Caratini had two children, he said.Clarksville Police have not said there is a gang connection.Extra patrolsPolice Chief Al Ansley said there will be extra patrols this weekend ""in specific areas of interest"" to prevent further violence.""We are on top of it,"" he said Friday afternoon. ""We have extra people on the street. We know what's going on ... We are being proactive to all the violence.""He said a number of businesses agreed to help police by closing early this weekend. He did not name the businesses, but said he appreciates their cooperation.All of the shootings remain under investigation.Detectives went door to door at the apartments on Chapel Street on Friday, talking to people who live in the apartment complex.'Too much drama'A number of small groups gathered on porches outside to talk to one another Friday, but while several said they knew Caritini, or ""Frankie"" as they called him, no one saw what happened.A man who asked not to be identified said his girlfriend heard a gunshot Thursday night and he went outside to find Caritini laying on the ground at the corner of an apartment building. His young step-daughter saw the man too, but by then a number of other people had come outside to see what was happening, he said.""I heard the commotion going on and when I came out, he was just laying there,"" the man said.He said he did not know who shot Caritini, a man he knew only in passing.Karen Judge said she arrived home after police arrived Thursday night and was worried only about the safety of her two granddaughters who are spending the summer with her.""I stay to myself because there's too much drama,"" she said. ""I don't bother nobody and nobody bothers me.""Six shot on WednesdayPolice were busy Wednesday with two separate shootings that injured six people.Two men were injured after gunfire was apparently exchanged between two vehicles on Caldwell Lane and Edmondson Ferry Road. A light-colored sedan and black sedan were seen driving on Edmondson Ferry Road as a woman heard continuous gunfire at about 4:44 p.m., according to a police report.A few minutes later, three men were found in a light-colored Toyota Camry sedan stopped at the intersection of Emory and Stafford streets shortly before 5 p.m., and two of them had been shot.Front seat passenger Christopher Fletcher, 28, was shot in his left shoulder. Backseat passenger Christopher Harris' head was grazed by a bullet. Both were taken to Gateway Medical Center for treatment.The driver, Shawnquavi Kelly, 22, was not injured.Police found a handgun inside the car, along with a small amount of marijuana, according to police reports.About four hours later, four people were shot on Treeland Drive after the driver of a white Ford pickup opened fire on a Cadillac parked in front of a home at about 8:55 p.m.. The Ford F-150 and a white car that was driving behind it both took off at a high rate of speed toward Trenton Road.Taylor Barger, 20, of Clarksville was shot in her leg and hip. She was found laying on the ground about 10 feet from the home. Donavon Smith, 27, was shot in his upper left leg. A 16-year-old was shot in one finger while looking out his bedroom window. Lacy McIntire, 21, was shot in her left calf, according to police reports. All were taken to Gateway Medical Center for treatment.According to a police report, the Cadillac Fleetwood sustained the majority of damage from the gunfire. Bullet holes were also found throughout the home.Police found 24 shell casings on Trenton Road. The police report lists the type of weapon used as a rifle.Police seek helpThe Clarksville Police is asking anyone with any information on Caratini's case or Mitchell's case to contact Detective Chris Nolder at 648-0656, ext. 5341.Anyone with information about the Caldwell Lane shooting is asked to call Detective Nick Newman 648-0656, ext. 5340, or Detective David Bramel at ext. 5161.Anyone with information about the shooting on Treeland Drive can call Detective Dennis Honholt at ext. 5260 or Detective Kagan Dindar at ext. 5434.To remain anonymous, call the Crime Stoppers TIPS Hotline at 931-645-TIPS (8477).Stephanie Ingersoll, 245-0267City government and crimesingersoll@theleafchronicle.comTwitter: @StephLeaf"
55,98,175767,"August 13, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,New Orleans and North Rocheblave streets,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/08/four_injured_in_7th_ward_shoot.html#incart_river,"NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)NOPD investigates the scene of a shooting near the intersection of New Orleans and N. Rocheblave streets in New Orleans Wednesday, August 13, 2014. (Photo by Brent Duke,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A 16-year-old boy is in critical condition following a shooting that left three others injured late Wednesday night (Aug. 13) in the city's7thWard, New Orleans police said.The teenager was riding in a car driven by a 19-year-old man when an unknown gunman opened fire sometime around 10:40 p.m. near the intersection of New Orleans and North Rocheblave streets, according toNOPDspokeswoman Officer Hilal Williams.The younger man was shot in the stomach and back, Williams said, while the 19-year-old was hit in the ankle and managed to drive the pair to an area hospital.The shooting also left a 22-year-old man with gunshot wounds to his leg and thigh, as well as a 59-year-old man with a graze wound to his back, Williams said. Those injuries were not life threatening.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
56,101,172304,"August 10, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,5400 block of Burgundy St,2,5,http://www.thenewsstar.com/story/news/local/louisiana/2017/03/02/mom-copes-stress-after-childrens-bodies-ripped-apart-bullets/98653962/,"A family affected by a drive-by shooting describes how the experience affects their lives long after the initial bullet wounds heal.NEW ORLEANS — It was a shooting that grabbed the headlines on TV newscasts and in newspapers. In August 2014, there was a breaking news flash that two were dead and five wounded in a drive-by shooting in the Lower 9th Ward.Later, more breaking news came as the NOPD caught five suspects. Then over the years, the suspects wound their way through the criminal justice system and courts. Afterwards, the headlines stopped.Behind the breaking news banners of the past are lives forever changed. There's a first grader who now has to feel the furniture and walls to get to his room.""I was wondering why I couldn't see anything when I first woke up,"" said Kyle Romain, remembering his time in the hospital after the gunfire hit him.When it happened, Kyle had just started kindergarten and was just playing on the front porch with his siblings after school. His mom stepped out to ask what they wanted for dinner. That's the last image he would ever see.""I birthed five healthy kids and for you to take that from me, take my son's eyesight, take my other son and had a piece of skull missing, I don't feel like it's fair, you know.  It's not God's creation. It's man, so it hurts me to my heart every day,"" said Alanna Romain.READ MORE:Voices: Another view on gun violence|Community members unite, pray to end gun violence in LafayetteKyle is just one face behind the 'five wounded' headline. The barrage of bullets, intended for someone else, took his sight. Because they were destroyed, doctors had to remove his eyeballs.""I asked them what blind was. I was afraid, like what if I couldn't walk around and I couldn't even know which I do, or where should I go,"" Kyle said.Also playing on the front porch was Kyle's little half brother, Jamal. He was shot in the head.""They shot my brain when I was two,"" Jamal Riley, 4, said.Jamal has had multiple surgeries. A piece of his skull was removed. A metal plate now replaces the hole that was left. He has moved to Texas to be with his father. That arrangement helps give the boys the extra attention they need, by dividing up the care. He misses his brothers and sisters. His dad quietly sheds tears about Jamal's memory being terribly off, how he cries a lot and doesn't use his right arm and leg well.""It's senseless. It's just kind of like, it makes no sense. You've altered an entire family just period. For what? Like these kids will never, ever, ever be the same,"" said a sorrowful John Riley Jr., who is Jamal's dad.Their teen sister has permanent knee damage from a bullet and can't do the extracurricular activities and athletics she used to. She now has to use crutches when her knee swells up.Alanna is struggling, physically with pain from multiple gun shots to the abdomen and leg, emotionally from the stress and financially. Without the stamina to work her certified nurse assistant job and restaurant jobs, she fears not having money for rent.RELATED:Vigil held for artist caught in the crossfire of Bourbon Street shooting""I've been working since I left my parent's house at 17, always taking care of my kids. Single mother. No child support. No Section 8. No welfare. It's always been me working, taking care of mine,"" said Alanna.The family had to leave their 9th Ward home. Alanna said she's never received any victim's assistance money and only Kyle gets disability. Her dad and stepmother now are helping as caretakers. Her mother, Barbara, was helping, but during all this stress suffered a stroke and stopped talking.""I'm taking care of her too on top of everything that's on my plate. It's really a lot,"" said Alanna, trembling.""Emotionally, it's been just really, really devastating and it continues to be a strain because it's like, this doesn't go away. This continues, as they grow they ask questions,"" said Pamela Hill-Romain, Alanna's stepmother.Kyle loves to read and is already on his way to being proficient in Braille.Through all this hardship, it's the strength and resilience seen through his heart, that keeps Alanna going.""In the beginning, all I did was cry every time I saw him because I'm not used to seeing him with no eyes, you know,"" Alanna said. ""He got me to the point where he started asking me, 'Mama, what are you crying for? He's like, 'If I ain't crying, you don't need to be crying.'""When Jamal comes to visit Kyle they love to play. Even though the shooting caused the boys to live apart, they have an unbreakable bond. In the hospital, they reached over and held hands, and at first, only talked to each other. Kyle taught himself to do many things on his own and doesn't understand why he can't play football with the big boys. He craves just to be normal.""I just don't like when people ask me about my eyes and ask me, 'Can you, can't see?'  Because, it kind of makes me, like, mad because sometimes I don't like people asking me that,"" Kyle stressed.When Kyle and Jamal went to one of the accused's trials, there wasn't a dry eye on the jury. Their mother had a message when it comes to settling disputes with violence.""People need to learn to take responsibility for their actions,"" she said. ""Think before you do. And I don't feel like taking someone's life is the answer to nothing.""But Kyle's message is to people who see him as disabled.""Because even though I can't see, doesn't mean I can't read or write or walk around or go to the bathroom or go to my room,"" Kyle said.Now, adding to the stress, the family's home is damaged by last month's tornado.You can help by donating to the 'Kyle and Alanna Romain' account at any Whitney Bank or by donating atgofundme.com/eye-surgery-for-Kyle-romain."
57,102,172205,"August 10, 2014",District of Columbia,Washington,50 block of N St SW,0,6,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/six-injured-in-shooing-in-southwest-dc/2014/08/10/01dcb296-20a0-11e4-86ca-6f03cbd15c1a_story.html,"D.C. police are investigating a shooting in Southwest that left three men and three women injured early Sunday morning, police said.The shooting occurred around 1:47 a.m. in the unit block of N Street Southwest, said Officer Paul Metcalf. All the victims suffered non-fatal gunshot wounds, and four were taken to a local hospital. The other two walked in later Sunday morning for medical treatment.No further information on the victims or possible suspects was disclosed. No arrests have been made.Get updates on your area delivered via e-mailGet updates on your area delivered via e-mail"
58,167,146565,"June 15, 2014",Indiana,Kokomo,5100 Clinton Drive,0,4,http://fox59.com/2014/06/15/four-people-shot-outside-kokomo-nightclub/#axzz34pRXsHoP,"Fox 59by:Eric LevyKOKOMO, Ind. (June 15, 2014) — Kokomo police want to know more about what led up to a shooting outside a nightclub, that put four people in the hospital.Police reponded to the “Ultimate Place 2-B” on Clinton Drive near IN 931 around 3:15 a.m. Sunday morning. Alert police officers heard the gunshots, quickly showed up and saw numerous people running, some who’d been hit by bullets. Police have identified them as Emmanuel Arrington, 33, of Kokomo, Sieyumbe Arrington, 37, of Kokomo, Cristobal Guerroro, 31, of Marion and Anthony Heard, 39, of Kokomo.Police say all four were initally taken to Community HOward Regional Hospital in Kokomo. It’s where Heard was treated, then released, Sieyumbe Arrington is having surgery to fix his injuries. Emmanuel Arrington and Guerroro were flown to Parkview Hospital in Fort Wayne. Arrington is listed in stable condition, Guerroro is in critical condition. Police haven’t said what led up to the shooting, but sources say a local motorcycle club was at the club at the time.Anyone with additional information is asked to contact the Kokomo Police Department Hotline at (765) 456-7107. You may qualify for a cash reward by calling Central Indiana Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.INDIANAPOLIS -- Health experts are seeing a decline in vaccinations nationwide. At one point many were rushing to schedule appointments but that’s no longer the case in some areas.“What we’re seeing is interest in the vaccine is weaning a little bit across the state,” said Regenstrief Institute, Director of Public Health and Informatic, Dr. Brian Dixion.INDIANAPOLIS-- The community continues to heal from the mass shooting at the FedEx ground facility.“Violence in general, and the trauma that comes from violence has lasting and significant effects on everyone,” said David Berman, with Mental Health America of Indiana. “Anyone who goes through an event like that is going to have some post-traumatic stress”MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
59,168,146586,"June 15, 2014",Illinois,Park Forest,200 Berry Street,0,4,http://www.myfoxchicago.com/story/25781847/four-shot-at-party-in-suburban-park-forest,"The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of Derek Chauvin over the death of George Floyd. The verdict will be read in court between 3:30-4:00 p.m. CT. The reading will air live on FOX 9 and online at fox9.com/live.Public health officials on Tuesday announced another 2,587 new cases of the coronavirus in Illinois and 9 additional deaths.A 13-year-old girl is missing from Chicago's West Side. Please share to help find her.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Experts at the agency reiterated that the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine’s benefits outweigh the risks.Former President George W. Bush said the Republican Party he served has become “isolationist, protectionist and, to a certain extent, nativist” in a rare television interview.Luke Kunin and Calle Jarnkrok each scored a goal and added an assist to lead the Nashville Predators over the Chicago Blackhawks 5-2 on Monday night.Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor, author of 'Whole Brain Living: The Anatomy of Choice and the Four Characters That Drive Our Life,' talks about wellness lessons to be learned from her new book.Alma, who shared the screen with her sons in the A&E series “Wahlburgers,” has died. Both Mark and Donnie Wahlberg posted tributes to their mother on Sunday.A growing number of seniors are retiring with student loan debt. Current and future retirees can learn about options here, including when to refinance student loans.A FOX 35 viewer says her security camera captured the footage this week.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
60,169,149706,"June 13, 2014",California,Los Angeles,8600 block of South Figueroa Street,3,1,http://homicide.latimes.com/post/trevor-andre-williams/,"Oct. 24, 2014, 5 a.m.June 21, 2014, 7:45 p.m.June 13, 2014, midnightJune 13, 2014Trevor Andre Williams, a 33-year-old black man, was shot and killed Friday, June 13, near South Figueroa Street and West Manchester Avenue in Vermont Knolls, according to Los Angeles County coroner’s records.Williams is believed to have shot about 10 times at the occupants of a silver Toyota Camry about 10 p.m., killing Jacinta Walker, 18, and Aveion Bolden, 20, said Los Angeles police Det. Dave Garrido.A person inside the Camry returned fire at Williams, who was in the passenger seat of a red Nissan Altima.The driver of the Nissan took Williams to a nearby fire station, at South Main Street and East 108th Street. Williams was found dead inside the car. The driver fled.Anthony Alonzo Cudger, 25, was arrested June 14 on suspicion of killing Williams, but he released June 17.Prosecutors declined to file charges because the investigation found that Cudger acted in self-defense, said Greg Risling, a spokesman for the Los Angeles County district attorney.The shooting was the latest in an ongoing feud between two street gangs – the Main Street Crips and the Hoover Crips, authorities said.Anyone with information is asked to call the Criminal Gang Homicide Division at (213) 485-1383. Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at (800) 222-8477.--Nicole Santa CruzDo you have information to share about the life of 
                    Trevor Andre Williams
                    ? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisformor e-mail us athomicidereport@latimes.com.Oct. 24, 2014, 5 a.m.June 21, 2014, 7:45 p.m.June 13, 2014, midnightBefore you post, here are some answers to frequently asked questions:Remember, all posts are approved by a Times staffer. Profanity and personal attacks will not be approved.If you enter anything in this field your comment will be treated as spam:Ms Rigsby...I think your comments fully explain the whole situation... people in your community have a problem taking responsibility for their actions...your comment is kind of akin to climbing into a cage full of tigers and blaming getting eating on the zoo keeper who didn't stop you...maybe your community should stop climbing into cages with tigers and go home and be parents... but that's a lot harder than playing the blame game whilst allowing your children to act like animals...maybe I'm completely wrong but I am going to hazard a guess that your sadly deceased son never had a father figure at home... I'm also going to hazard a guess that you take absolutely no responsibility for that... someone else's fault, right... you can't be held accountable for who you have children with, same as you can't be held responsible for the way you raised them...the only way to stop this is to post a policeman in your bedrooms to stop you from making bad decisions when it comes to contraception...or, your community could grow up, have some pride in itself and stop blaming everybody else when something goes wrong...""The police are responsible for these killing since they are aware of the areas that these shootings occur and they dont setup up post there.""— Margaret Rigsby ; do you really believe that? Or are you living in a neighborhood so violent, you have trouble distinguishing right from wrong?Ms. Rigsby,You cannot have it both ways...if the police set up to ""watch"" over these areas that make everyone that lives and walks and visits these area's susceptible to being randomly stopped, searched, and/or pulled over. That is exacly the same situation that we find ourselves in that you all protest. So why not think about the situation as it is now and what the law allows? The dots are not all connected in your statement.The police are responsible for these killing since they are aware of the areas that these shootings occur and they dont setup up post there. Race is given to probably signify that these minorities have no care for their lives by doing these senseless killings so why should the police dept care either. However, I am not surprised because my son was shot and killed and it was not investigated thoroughly just a shut and closed case and not a care for his human life; he was also an innocent victim.Who is worse, the gang members who kill for a sport, well thats what they do, or the police who is supposed to protect and serve and is yet to visit this duty. This is why I have lost faith with those in authority who misuse their power and would suggest that they consider giving the gangs a paycheck to do the job they are  failing at, and the gangs are fearless.Rip Trevor you are and will always be a good person No matter what these people say they don't know you and don't know what happen that night only God can judge he knows your heart  love you we love you this shit hurts everyday and this gang banging is stupid its taking all and everybody love ones away its about time we show are loyalty to God cuz the devil making a fool out of everybody hood if the killings don't stop then bodies ain't gone stop dropping and anybody can get it a bullet ain't got no name eeeeuuuu long live the chosen one !!!!!Know one deserves to dies by the hand of a another human hand. Gang violence is what caused all them to die the girl was from trouble and her boyfriend was from Hoover. There not innocent there the devil in disguise.Shooting into a cars of teenagers for absolutely nothing. Big loser, too damn old to be gang banging. Now he's looking real stupid with not one family supporter mourning over his death on this form.Karma got him quick.. He definitely got what he deserve. His was too old out there still gang banging. At 30 plus you suppose to have yourself together by then. Plus he was shooting at some young folks. The world was saved from his ignorance.Looks like the predator finally became the prey.Trevor Williams is right where he need to be ""Pushing Up Daisies!"" Like the saying goes ""Live by the Gun, Die by the Gun""  Innocent kids lost their lives because of this coward!I guess it did'nt go according to plan Mr.Williams! SMH sadHe got what he deserved, he had no business shooting into a vehicle, I bet he was surprised to have someone shoot back."
61,170,156245,"June 9, 2014",New Jersey,Paterson,Rosa Parks Boulevard and Godwin Avenue,0,6,http://www.nj.com/passaic-county/index.ssf/2014/07/6_injured_in_shooting_on_paterson_street_corner.html#incart_river,"Delshawn LoweryPATERSON— An arrest has been made in connection with a drive-by shooting last month in the city, police said.Delshawn Lowery, 21, is charged with six counts of attempted murder following the June 9 shooting at the corner of Rosa Parks Boulevard and Godwin Avenue, according to authorities. Lowery was arrested this morning about a mile away.Shots were fired from a dark-colored car that passes through the intersection just after 10:30 p.m that night, Detective Lt. Patrick Murray said.The vehicle then continued west on Godwin Avenue in the direction of Carroll Street and out of the area, Murray added.Injured were:• A boy, 17, with a graze wound on his head.• A woman, 45, with a gunshot wound to her foot.• A woman, 18, with gunshot wounds to her upper torso and legs.• A man, 61, with gunshot wounds to his feet.• A man, 18, with a gunshot wound to his shoulder.• A man 24, with gunshot wounds to his legs.All have since been treated and released from an area hospital, police said. Lowery is being held in lieu of $3 million bail.Last month, a15-year-old was shot in the backon the same corner.The drive-by shooting took place about 10 blocks from wherea 12-year-old girl was shot and killed on Saturday.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
62,171,144565,"June 8, 2014",Alabama,Opp,611 Hardin Street,1,4,http://www.dothaneagle.com/news/crime_court/arrest-made-in-fatal-opp-nightclub-shooting/article_0c70a490-f02d-11e3-8026-001a4bcf6878.html,"An Elba man faces murder and attempted murder charges in connection to a shooting at an Opp nightclub over the weekend that left four people wounded, and another dead.According to a statement from Opp Police Chief Mike McDonald, police arrested Kanavis Malik Cole, 23, of Elba, and charged him with murder and felony attempted murder.Cole was taken to the Covington County Jail and held on bail totaling $1.5 million.The police statement said the arrest was made as part of a joint investigation by the Opp Police Department, the Covington County District Attorney’s Office, along with assistance from agents with the Alabama Alcoholic Beverage Control Board and the Elba Police Department.The nightclub shooting left four people wounded, including a Dothan woman, 27-year-old Tornesha Evette Fate, who suffered a gunshot wound to her forearm.The police statement said police initially responded to a report of shots fired with people down at a local business on Hardin Street known as “The Little Harlem Club” around 1:30 a.m. Sunday.McDonald also said in a statement that when police officers first responded to the business they discovered five people had been taken by private vehicles to the emergency room at Mizell Memorial Hospital in Opp.A 20-year-old Opp resident, Demetrice Lawon Hines, later died from his injuries at the hospital.Police officials said Cole was also charged with attempted murder in connection to gunfire that left 26-year-old James Danshay Edwards, of Opp, wounded. A police statement said Edwards suffered a gunshot wound to the shoulder from the shooting.The following two other people were also wounded in the shooting:-Quanisha Tearow Stoudemire, 19, of Opp, who was treated for a gunshot wound to her foot at Mizell Memorial Hospital.-Kenyen Devone Netles, 21, of Evergreen, who was treated for a superficial gunshot wound to his leg at Andalusia Hospital.Follow Matt on Twitter@ElofsonMatt.Get local news delivered to your inbox!Enterprise Police charged a 67-year-old local man with murder Wednesday in connection to an early morning stabbing on Middlebrook Street.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
63,173,143979,"June 7, 2014",Michigan,Oak Park,10811 W. Ten Mile Rd.,1,3,http://www.myfoxdetroit.com/story/25723443/two-arrested-following-deadly-oak-park-shooting,"The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of Derek Chauvin over the death of George Floyd. The verdict will be read in court between 3:30-4:00 p.m. CT. The reading will air live on FOX 9 and online at fox9.com/live.Experts at the agency reiterated that the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine’s benefits outweigh the risks.Chesterfield Township police are looking for a teen girl who ran away from home.People spend all day staring at their phones, so when they get into the float therapy tank in Clarkston, they're introduced to a new kind of immersion. One separated from stress and anxiety that comes with the current events we keep up with.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Each week, viewers are given the chance to predict six questions related to each week’s episode on the FOX Super 6 app.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Animal control workers responded to calls from a woman scared that the 'animal' would enter someone's homeWhile a lot of people who received the third stimulus check could really use it, unfortunately, some people may have to return the $1,400.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
64,174,142822,"June 4, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,4900 West West End Avenue,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20170323/south-austin/dennis-weathers-ronald-holliman-chicago-gun-violence,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE — A South Austin man was denied bail Thursday on chargeshe killed one man and wounded three othersduring a 2014 shooting.According to prosecutors, the victims were near a front stoop in the 4900 block of West West End Street about 5 p.m. June 4, 2014, when three gunman approached from an alley and opened fire.Ronald Holliman, 18, was shot in his knee, buttocks and thigh, prosecutors said, and died at Mt. Sinai Hospital.Three other men were shot and survived: a 21-year-old who was shot in his abdomen, arm, leg, back and flank; a 26-year-old who was shot in his chest, back, abdomen and flank; and a 17-year-old who suffered a graze wound to his hip but did not seek medical treatment.Two of the victims were able to identify Dennis Weathers, now 25, as one of the shooters, Assistant State's Attorney Sheila York said during a bond hearing Thursday.Police arrested Weathers and codefendant Reginald Jackson on June 8, 2014, prosecutors said. Officers found two 9-mm handguns that matched shell casings found on the scene of the South Austin shooting, York said.Jackson wascharged in the case last weekand ordered held on $600,000 bail.Weathers, of the 400 block of North Lavergne Avenue, appeared in bond court Thursday on charges of first-degree murder and attempted first-degree murder. Cook County Judge Donald Panarese Jr. denied Weathers bail.It is not clear why prosecutors waited nearly three years to file charges.Weathers is currently an inmate at Cook County Jail, where is awaiting trial for a 2015 unlawful-use-of-a-weapon case. In that matter, York said, Weathers is accused of shooting someone multiple times on July 6, 2015.Police arrested Weathers three blocks away from the shooting, prosecutors said. A .40 caliber handgun found on a nearby rooftop matched shell casings found on the scene; a fingerprint on the gun allegedly matched Weathers.Weathers admitted to feuding with the victim in that case and to owning the gun, according to prosecutors. Bail was set at $1 million.Weathers was previously convicted of trying to blackmail a police officer by offering $5,000 to let him go free, York said. He was sentenced to boot camp. Weathers also has prior convictions for soliciting unlawful business, manufacturing and delivering a controlled substance, and driving on a suspended license.According to his public defender, Weathers has four children and previously worked in construction, specializing in rehab and demolition work.Next inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
65,176,142076,"June 2, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,2660 E. 79th St,0,7,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20140603/south-shore-above-79th/south-shore-strip-mall-shooting-leaves-six-people-wounded,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.SOUTH SHORE — Chicago Police have video surveillance footage of a mass shooting at a South Shore laundromat, and it shows a lone gunman opening fire ""without any sort of provocation,"" Police Supt. Garry McCarthy said Tuesday.That lack of provocation leads police to believe the shooting that left six people wounded — including two teens — could be gang-related.""It kind of fits that pattern that we're accustomed to seeing, but we haven't really made that determination,"" McCarthy said. ""For all we know, this could be a fight over a girl.""All six of the victims are expected to survive, and three already have been released from the hospital, he said.McCarthy told reporters Tuesday morning police recovered video of the shooting and said the gunman appeared to open fire ""without any sort of provocation.""Thegunman walked up to group of people in the 2600 block of East 79th Street and began firing a handgun at them, police said.Six people, ages 14 to 52, were shot.McCarthy said some of those wounded are known gang members, but he did not elaborate.McCarthy said there are at least five ongoing gang conflicts in the South Chicago police district where the shooting took place.Tuesday morning, blood, shattered glass and a small slipper were in the parking lot of a strip mall in the 2600 block of East 79th Street, marking the spot where the gunman opened fire Monday evening.The doors of the strip mall's laundromat were boarded up, and discarded police tape and medical supplies littered the ground. But inside, the place again bustled with neighborhood residents washing their clothes.The strip mall sits on the north side of East 79th Street, the border between the city's South Shore and South Chicago neighborhoods.Four people—including a 14-year-old boy, a 16-year-old boy, a 27-year-old woman and a 52-year-old man— were all shot in their legs, police said. A 41-year-old man was shot in his elbow, and a 42-year-old man was shot in his hand.The 14-year-old boy was taken to University of Chicago Comer Children's Hospital, and the 16-year-old was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, police said. The rest were taken to area hospitals.McCarthy said all those wounded in the shooting were cooperating with police.""But they don't really have a whole heck of a lot to give us,"" McCarthy said. ""Most of these folks didn't even see what happened.""While waiting on a load of laundry, Jesse Hayes said he was shocked at news of the shooting.""You always hear the sirens, but I didn't know it was like that until I saw the news this morning,"" he said.Customers like Hayes, who lives just a block away, said the shooting left them rattled.""It's jacked up. You can't even do your laundry,"" Hayes said. ""They need to up the police patrols.""Zeke Herrera, who said he comes to the laundromat at least once a week, said he was shocked at the timing of the shooting.""On a Monday of all things,"" he said. ""Friday, by now, the mindset is you stay inside. But you shouldn't have to live like that.""Herrera, who said he lives just a couple blocks away, also said he's no stranger to the sound of gunshots, but Herrera said Monday's shooting felt too close.""This is my home. This is where I live,"" he said. ""I'm feeling very afraid that it's going to be me next time.""But many customers in the laundromat Tuesday morning said the shooting would not stop them from returning to the business. It's the closest option for many in the neighborhood.One man, who declined to be named, said he still feels safe in the neighborhood.""It's not gonna change nothing about what I do,"" he said. ""Nobody died up here last night, and they'll all be back this evening.""When asked by a reporter what he planned to do about gang violence in South Shore and South Chicago — an area known as ""Terror Town"" — McCarthy said the department would continue with its gang reduction strategy.""There's no magic formula here,"" he said. ""It's hard work, and it's intelligence-based, getting in between these conflicts and preventing the next shooting.""As of Tuesday afternoon, no one was in custody in connection with the shooting.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodNext inHyde Park & KenwoodCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
66,177,141382,"June 1, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,West Ferdinand Street and North Lavergne Avenue ,1,5,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20140601/austin/teen-killed-five-others-injured-austin-shooting,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A shooting in the Austin neighborhood fatally wounded a 17-year-old boy and injured five others, including a 14-year-old girl.The teenage boy and group of females were standing on a corner in the 500 block of North Lavergne Avenue when several people emerged from an alley firing shots, police said. The shooting occurred around 12:30 a.m., saidOfficer Amina Greer, a police spokeswoman.The boy was shot in the back and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital where he later died, Greer said. He was pronounced dead at 1:19 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office. He was identified as Donald Williams, of the 3000 block of West Dickens Avenue.A 14-year-old girl, 17-year-old girl and 19-year-old woman were all taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in stable condition. The 14-year-old was shot in her back, the 17-year-old in her buttocks and 19-year-old in her arm during the shooting, Greer said.A 22-year-old woman was also taken to West Suburban Hospital in stable condition after she was struck with bullet fragments. A 19-year-old woman took herself to West Suburban Hospital after being shot in the arm, Greer said.At least one of the females is possibly gang-affiliated and no one is in custody, authorities said. Area North detectives are investigating, Greer said.Next inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
67,179,153532,"May 31, 2014",California,San Bernardino,800 block of West Victoria St,1,3,http://www.sbsun.com/general-news/20140601/san-bernardino-drive-by-shooting-claims-1-life-sends-3-to-hospital,"Trending:SAN BERNARDINO >> One man was killed and three family members wounded in a late Saturday night drive-by shooting, police said Sunday.Mitchell Wayne Davis Jr., 23, of Rialto was pronounced dead shortly after midnight Sunday morning at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton, according to San Bernardino County Coroners reports.Police said the three other shooting victims suffered several gunshot wounds to the legs and are expected to survive.Davis and three family members were working on cars parked in the 2800 block of West Victoria Street shortly before 11p.m. Saturday night, according to police reports.That’s when police say someone in a black four-door Honda drove past the family and gunned them down.Authorities said the car was last seen going east on Victoria Avenue.Police have not determined the motive for the shooting or if it was gang-related.Anyone with information is asked to call Detective John Munoz at 909-384-5630 or Sgt. Gary Robertson at 909-841-5361.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
68,181,138567,"May 24, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,Strathmoor St,0,4,http://www.myfoxdetroit.com/story/25606670/5-shot-on-detroits-west-side-suspects-still-at-large,"The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of Derek Chauvin over the death of George Floyd. The verdict will be read in court between 3:30-4:00 p.m. CT. The reading will air live on FOX 9 and online at fox9.com/live.Experts at the agency reiterated that the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine’s benefits outweigh the risks.Chesterfield Township police are looking for a teen girl who ran away from home.People spend all day staring at their phones, so when they get into the float therapy tank in Clarkston, they're introduced to a new kind of immersion. One separated from stress and anxiety that comes with the current events we keep up with.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Each week, viewers are given the chance to predict six questions related to each week’s episode on the FOX Super 6 app.One person was killed and two others injured in a shooting at a Stop & Shop supermarket on Long Island on Tuesday.Animal control workers responded to calls from a woman scared that the 'animal' would enter someone's homeWhile a lot of people who received the third stimulus check could really use it, unfortunately, some people may have to return the $1,400.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
69,183,140185,"May 23, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,6200 block of Eads Street,1,7,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/05/graduation_party_explodes_into.html,"High school graduate dismayed by violence at his partyGeorge Washington Carver Senior High 2014 graduate JeShan Vail was hoping to celebrate his accomplishment by having a party shared with friends and family. Instead the party turned violent when several people were shot including one fatality.Empty cups litter the yard. Deflated orange and green balloons dangle from a gate. A banner celebrating the graduation of a young man named JeShan hangs nearby.A graduation party here in Gentilly turned violentat 11:20 p.m. Friday, when police say a 15-year-old was fatally shot and five others were injured. Gunfire exploded after an argument, police said, with one person believed to be the gunman.JeShan Vail, 17, who graduated Thursday from George Washington Carver Senior High School, said the party was for him. He said he was standing beside his younger brother, Tremaine Robinson, 15, when Tremaine was fatally shot.""He was an innocent bystander,"" Vail said. ""He don't even sell drugs or in a gang. None of that. He's just a normal little kid.""John Gagliano, chief investigator for the Orleans Parish Coroner's Office, confirmed that Tremaine Robinson, 15, of Spring, Texas, died at Interim LSU Hospital after being shot in the head.Vail said his brother was born in New Orleans, but left after Hurricane Katrina in 2005. He said part of the reason he hasn't moved back from the Houston area is that Tremaine's mother is wary of the crime here. Tremaine, he said, enjoyed basketball and fashion and was about to enter his junior year of high school.A few feet away from where Vail spoke, a ""Thou Shalt Not Kill"" sign was stuck in the grass.The scene at the home in the 6200 block of Eads Street was somber Saturday. By noon, people had emerged from the home to begin cleaning up what was left from the party: trays and bottles, cans and cups and food.Those injured in the gunfire included three women ages 19 to 30 and two men ages 22 to 25, police said. The 19-year-old is undergoing surgery, according to police. The others sustained non-life-threatening injuries.Around 8 a.m. Saturday morning, a car containing five young college students from Lafayette slowed down in front of the house, located off of Robert E. Lee Boulevard. The driver, a 19-year-old who declined to give her name, said she was looking for their purses, which they'd left behind in all the chaos the night before.She said she'd heard about the party on social media. The organizers charged $5 for admission and issued armbands to guests, she said.Though she said she was cautious at first, she and her friends described feeling relieved when they saw young children and what she believed were adult family members at the event.""We were just having fun and the next thing you know everyone was running under the tables,"" said the driver, who said she's a student at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. ""We want to go back to Lafayette because there are not these problems.""A tweet advertising the party on Twitterindicated free alcohol would be provided all night and that the price of admission would rise to $10 after 11 p.m.Vail said the money was collected to offset the costs of the food and drinks. He estimated 250 to 300 people attended. He said family members including Tremaine had gathered in town not only to celebrate his graduation, but also to honor an aunt who recently died.""It was mostly friends,"" he said of the Friday party. ""So whoever did what they did, we didn't know them.""Neighbors said this was the second year the residents of the house had held such a party.One neighbor said she heard the shots and peeked out of her door and saw who she thought was the gunman. She said she quickly closed the door. Later, she found a bullet had pierced the trunk of her car.The woman described the teenagers who live at the house where the party was held as friendly and well-mannered, frequently engaging her in conversation. ""They are really nice people,"" she said.The 15-year-old is the second-youngest homicide victim of the year so far in New Orleans.Detectives are investigating the incident to determine a motive and the identity of the suspect in the case. Detective Charles Hoffacker is the lead detective.Anyone with information is asked to call CrimeStoppers at 1.877.903.7863 or 504.822.1111. A cash reward of up to $2,500 is available for information leading to an arrest.Correction:An earlier version of this story, using information provided by police and coroner's office officials, incorrectly reported that there were seven additional shooting victims instead of five, and that the teen slain was named Tremaine Robertson instead of Tremaine Robinson.Photojournalist Chris Granger contributed to this report. Rebecca Catalanello can be reached atrcatalanello@nola.comor 504.717.7701.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionThe shooting that left 10 people wounded on Canal Street early Sunday follows several other high-profile multiple shootings in New Orleans in …News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
70,185,138370,"May 23, 2014",California,Bellflower,9541 Flower Street,2,2,http://homicide.latimes.com/post/kenneth-mills/,"May 23, 2014Kenneth Mills, a 22-year-old black man, was shot and killed May 23 in the 9500 block of Flower Street in Bellflower, according to Los Angeles County coroner’s records.About 7:45 p.m., three black men entered a barber shop with hoodies over their heads and opened fire without saying anything, said Det. David Gunner of the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department.Four people were injured in the shooting. Mills, a customer of the shop, was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead at 8:32 p.m., according to coroner’s records.German Booker, a 25-year-old manager of the shop, was also killed.------------For the RecordMarch 15, 3 p.m.: A previous version of this report said that Mills was a manager of the barbershop and Booker was a customer. Booker was a manager and Mills was a customer.------------An 18-year-old man and a 30-year-old man who were wounded were expected to survive.The barber shop was open for business at the time, but witnesses fled the scene. Gunner declined to state the motive for the shooting, but said that it was not a robbery.Anyone with information can call the Sheriff’s Department Homicide Bureau at (323) 890-5500. Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at (800) 222-8477.--Nicole Santa CruzDo you have information to share about the life of 
                    Kenneth Mills
                    ? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisformor e-mail us athomicidereport@latimes.com.Before you post, here are some answers to frequently asked questions:Remember, all posts are approved by a Times staffer. Profanity and personal attacks will not be approved.If you enter anything in this field your comment will be treated as spam:German Booker Jr is the Barber Shop owner/the barber, Kenneth Mills was the Customer. German-Gman cut Kenneth hair, the customer. I know this because I am German Booker Sr. Auntie and German Booker Jr. Great Auntie and German Jr called and told me that he had his own shop and I could bring my son, his cousin up there so he can learn how to cut hair.Your information isn't accurate! German booker was the sole owner, manager and CEO of Billionaire Barber Group. He was not a customer. Kenneth Mills was a long time companion and customer at the shop as well as the other victims.German worked very hard to open his own shop for his family! And I don't want that discredited in any way! Please report facts and be knowledgeable of the facts before putting up false assumptions.I will always. Miss you baby boy it's hard. Knowing your gone its the hardest thing ever you were a good person man I wish it wasn't you"
71,187,135904,"May 18, 2014",Ohio,Sandusky,1643 Cleveland Rd,0,7,http://fox8.com/2014/05/18/1-badly-beaten-7-shot-during-incident-at-sports-bar/,"Fox 8 Cleveland WJWby:Darcie LorenoSANDUSKY, Ohio — A man was found beaten with serious injuries, and seven people reported being shot during an incident near DJ’s Sports Bar in Sandusky early Sunday.According to Sandusky police, police were called to the bar just after 4 a.m. to reports of a large commotion and shots fired.When they arrived, officers found one man on the ground. He had been seriously beaten, said police, and was taken to a local hospital before being taken by medical helicopter to another hospital due to life threatening injuries.While police were investigating the beating, two other people told officers they had been shot. Five others showed up at an area hospital with gunshot wounds.There is no word on any of the seven gunshot victims’ conditions or on what may have started the incident.Stick with Fox 8 and Fox8.com for more on this story.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.COSHOCTON, Ohio (WJW)-- The Coshocton County Sheriff's Office arrested a suspect in the disappearance and death of 20-year-old Brianna Ratliff.Blake A. Grewell, 19, is charged with aggravated murder. More charges are expected, the sheriff's office said.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S.The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.**Virginia became the first southern state to legalize marijuana earlier this month, as seen in the video above.**(NEXSTAR) – Marijuana activist groups are helping the vaccination drive Tuesday by giving adults a ""joint for a jab."""
72,189,136163,"May 17, 2014",District of Columbia,Washington,2200 block of Adams Pl NE,0,5,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/dc-area-news-briefs-five-wounded-in-shooting-outside-club/2014/05/17/f29a8bde-dd40-11e3-bda1-9b46b2066796_story.html,"Correction:Because of incorrect information provided by D.C. police, an earlier version of this article described the site of a shooting in Northeast Washington as just outside the popular Stadium Club. The incident occurred near Queens Chapel Road and Adams Place NE, about a block from the club, in an area that is home to several other clubs. This version has been corrected.Three men and two women were shot and wounded early Saturday near a strip club in Northeast Washington.Police said the shooting occurred about 2:55 a.m. in the 2200 block of Adams Place NE, a block away from the Stadium Club,a steakhouse and gentleman’s clubpopular with professional athletes and hip-hop artists. The club is also home for a reality show called “Strip Club Queens.”Officer Hugh Carew, a D.C. police spokesman, said the shooting occurred outside, and the victims were seriously wounded.— Luz LazoAn employee at the District’s Cardozo Education Campus was arrested Friday after allegedly engaging in inappropriate communication with a student, according to D.C. police.Joseph Morales, 26, was charged with enticing a minor and has been placed on administrative leave, police said.Cardozo’s Web site lists Morales, who lives in Northwest Washington, as an educational aide at the Columbia Heights school.— Emma BrownArlington National Cemetery announced Friday that it will rename its 19th century“Old Amphitheater”for Civil War double amputee and veterans advocate James R. Tanner.Tanner was a Union corporal in the 87th New York regiment when he was wounded at theSecond Battle of Bull Runin August 1862, which cost him both legs, the cemetery said.But he survived, became a stenographer and was called to Abraham Lincoln’s deathbed to record events after the president was shot in 1865. He later headed the Grand Army of the Republic, a veterans group, and advocated for veterans.The renaming will take place at 5 p.m. May 30 during a ceremony at the amphitheater hosted by Lincoln-Cushing Camp No. 2 of the Sons of Union Veterans.— Michael E. RuaneVandals caused extensive damage at Purcellville’s Franklin Park late Friday or early Saturday, according to Loudoun County law enforcement officials, who have temporarily closed the park to investigate.The vandals “accessed work trucks” at the park and caused $25,000 in damage.— Emma Brown"
73,191,134591,"May 12, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,3400 West 24th Street,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20140513/little-village/little-village-shooting-leaves-four-men-wounded,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Four men were hospitalized after a shooting in the Little Village neighborhood.About 11:15 p.m. Monday, the four men, ages 18 to 38, were standing on the sidewalk in the 3400 block of West 24th Street when a gunman began shooting from the mouth of a nearby alley, said Officer Amina Greer, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.All four men were taken to area hospitals where their conditions stabilized, Greer said. An 18-year-old was shot in the buttocks and taken to John H. Stroger Hospital. A 38-year-old was shot in the right thigh and was taken to Stroger Hospital.A 26-year-old was also taken to Stroger Hospital where he was treated for a graze wound in the  head. Another 26-year-old was shot in the buttocks and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, police said.Police said the shooting appeared gang-related, but no one was in custody as of Tuesday morning. After the shooting, the gunman got into a dark-colored sedan and drove eastbound on West 24th Street.The four men were among nine people who were wounded in shootingsacross the city's South and West sides since Monday evening.Next inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenNext inWest Loop, Near West Side, PilsenCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
74,192,134238,"May 11, 2014",Tennessee,Memphis,2517 Shasta,0,7,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/25488030/seven-people-shot-outside-of-a-memphis-nightclue,"Get the latest from WMC Action News 5 anytime:iPhone|iPad|Android|SMS Alerts|Email Alerts|Facebook|Twitter|Instagram1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
75,193,156823,"May 10, 2014",California,Sacramento,3031 Guadalajara Way,1,6,https://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2014/05/10/1-dead-multiple-shot-near-sacramento-park/,"SACRAMENTO (CBS13) – The bounce house sits deflated a Natomas park, the fun replaced with fear at a 1-year-old’s birthday party.A 7-year-old girl was one of the victims hit with a bullet; an adult is dead.“I just dove to the ground. There was about 25-30 shots that rang out, everyone was screaming and yelling and just running all hysterical,” said a witness who did not want to be identified.In all, seven people were shot at Peregrine Park – on day that was supposed to celebrate a child’s life.“There was one kid shot in the leg, the other guy was shot who died … and there was a couple people around the corner [with] wounds to the leg and to the back,” the witness said.Family and friends at the party, reeling after the violence, held each other in prayer.“Somebody called and said, ‘Don’t come to this party, they just shot this party up.’ I was like I don’t believe this. What is going on?” said Brenda Jones.Jones’ 2-year-old grandson was at the birthday party.“Some lady over there pulled a bunch of kids that were at the party, she grabbed them and pulled them into her house,” Jones said.Police aren’t saying how many suspects there are, or why the gunmen chose to put little kids in the line of fire. But, investigators think it may be gang related.“Some folks approached the party, shots were fired,” said Doug Morse with the Sacramento Police Department. “Our gang detectives were called out so we are going to try to get to the bottom of that.”The six others shot during the incident are expected to survive.“It’s devastating that it happened in my backyard and the park that we go to everyday,” a neighbor in the area said.Sunday, investigators told CBS13 that they believe someone at the party fired back at some point during the shooting.Authorities ask anyone with information about the shooting to call the Sacramento Police Department."
76,195,134052,"May 10, 2014",Georgia,Decatur,Shamrock Dr,2,3,https://www.ajc.com/news/local/killed-injured-drive-shooting-dekalb/ozEMqZPcjw7Yk312dwTT0J/,"Two people were killed and three others were injured in a drive-by shooting in DeKalb County on Saturday night.The incident happened on Shamrock Drive, and authorities are continuing to look for suspects.Police told Channel 2 Action News that the victims knew the shooters and may have been involved in a dispute that started at another location.At least two suspects in one vehicle began shooting at the other vehicle, police said.“The driver of the first vehicle lost control and ran up into (a) yard and second vehicle fled,” DeKalb police Lt. A.W. Ford told Channel 2.One man and two women were wounded and transported to hospitals.No names have been released.DeKalb County police spokeswoman Mekka Parish said the drive-by shooting is not related to acrime spree that left a 9-month-old boy deadin a home invasion on Saturday night."
77,199,130933,"April 30, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,7200 South Phillips Avenue,0,4,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/04/30/four-wounded-in-south-shore-shooting-2/,"CHICAGO (CBS)— Four people were wounded Wednesday night in a shooting in the South Shore neighborhood.The victims were walking in front of 7320 S. Phillips Av. at approximately 9:05 p.m., police said, when someone opened fire on them from a sport utility vehicle.People scattered quickly, but Chicago Fire Department paramedics transported three people from the scene. A 22-year-old man was shot in the upper right leg, and was transported to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in serious condition.  A 27-year-old man also was taken to Northwestern, in serious condition, with a wound to the left thigh.  A 21-year-old man was shot in the right arm, and taken to South Shore Hospital in fair condition.A fourth person was found a short distance away, on the 7300 block of South Oglesby Avenue, with a wound to the left calf. That person was transported in good condition to Jackson Park Hospital.No one is in custody.  Area South detectives are investigating."
78,200,130232,"April 29, 2014",Georgia,Kennesaw,1675 Airport Road,1,6,https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-georgia-shooting/six-hurt-suspect-dead-in-georgia-fedex-facility-shooting-idUSBREA3S0GO20140429,"Discover Thomson ReutersByTami Chappell3 Min ReadKENNESAW, Georgia (Reuters) - A FedEx Corp package handler armed with a shotgun opened fire at a shipping facility in suburban Atlanta early on Tuesday, injuring six people before killing himself, apparently with his own weapon, police and hospital officials said.Three people were in critical condition, two of them with life-threatening injuries, after being shot by the 19-year-old gunman just before 6 a.m. EDT at a FedEx warehouse near the airport in Kennesaw, Georgia, about 30 miles northwest of Atlanta, police and hospital officials said.The shooter, identified as Geddy L. Kramer of Acworth, Georgia, drove up to the security guard shack at the warehouse and shot the guard before entering the warehouse where he shot the other five people, according to police.FedEx employee Liza Aiken told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution she was correcting addresses on packages when she saw a colleague dressed in black and armed with a knife, gun and a cartridge belt strapped across this chest.“He had bullets strapped to his chest like Rambo,” she told the newspaper. “He looked like he was heading into war.”Authorities searching the building after the incident found a Molotov cocktail that appeared to have been left behind by the gunman, said Cobb County Police spokesman Michael Bowman. No motive was given for the attack.Aiken said she previously had reported the man to her superiors after he pointed a work laser at her eye.Michael Hogland, a driver at the facility, told the paper his boss called him early on Tuesday and said a security guard was among the shooting victims.The six patients taken to WellStar Kennestone Hospital in Marietta all had multiple gunshot wounds that appeared to be from a shotgun, Dr. Michael Nitzken said at a news conference.Two men, 28 and 22 years old, as well as a 52-year-old woman were listed in critical condition. Another 28-year-old man was stable, while a 42-year-old woman and 19-year-old man had been treated and were being released, Nitzken said.Hundreds of police from multiple agencies converged on the scene after the shooting, and employees escorted from the facility in a bus tearfully reunited with family members at a nearby skating rink.A FedEx spokeswoman extended condolences to those affected by the shooting.“The situation is now stabilized, and we are focused on the needs of our team members and cooperating with the law enforcement investigation of this tragedy,” said company spokeswoman Shea Leordeanu.Additional reporting by David Beasley in Atlanta, Kevin Gray and David Adams in Miami.; Writing by Colleen Jenkins; Editing by Gunna Dickson and Ken WillsOur Standards:The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. Seehere for a complete listof exchanges and delays."
79,203,173109,"April 22, 2014",California,Los Angeles,6419 Brynhurst Avenue,1,3,http://homicide.latimes.com/cause/gunshot/neighborhood/hyde-park,"View more photos »April 20, 2021Anthony Quinn Esters, a 38-year-oldBlackmale, died Sunday, March 28, after beingshotnear Slauson & South Victoria avenues inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Anthony Quinn Esters? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 16, 2021Zachary Boone, a 35-year-oldBlackmale, died Friday, Feb. 5, after beingshotnear 4611 S. Crenshaw Blvd. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Zachary Boone? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 16, 2021Juan Manuel Jacinto Cortes, a 52-year-oldLatinomale, died Wednesday, Feb. 3, after beingshotnear 2413 W. 54th St. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Juan Manuel Jacinto Cortes? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 16, 2021Devin Jerome Denmark, a 40-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Feb. 2, after beingshotnear 8th Avenue N/O 68th Street inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Devin Jerome Denmark? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 1, 2021Olend Quincy Mickell, a 48-year-oldBlackmale, died Sunday, Jan. 10, after beingshotnear 5720 2nd Ave. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Olend Quincy Mickell? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 25, 2021Demetri Lamar Alexander, a 35-year-oldBlackmale, died Wednesday, Dec. 30, after beingshotnear 3502 W. Slauson Ave. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Demetri Lamar Alexander? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Tyrell Darshay Williams, a 26-year-oldBlackmale, died Monday, Dec. 14, after beingshotnear the Rear of 3240 Slauson Ave. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Tyrell Darshay Williams? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Dawaine Raynell Henderson, a 31-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Dec. 8, after beingshotnear 5339 10th Ave. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Dawaine Raynell Henderson? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Oct. 2, 2020Michael Jamel Jackson, a 30-year-oldBlackmale, died Saturday, Sept. 12, after beingshotnear 6714 11th Ave. inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Michael Jamel Jackson? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.July 30, 2020Donte Ali Phillips, a 24-year-oldBlackmale, died Thursday, July 2, after beingshotnear West 59th Street & 5th Avenue inHyde Park, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Donte Ali Phillips? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform."
80,204,127045,"April 20, 2014",Illinois,Montgomery,1300 block of Jackson St,0,6,http://wgntv.com/2014/04/21/6-shot-at-easter-party-in-montgomery/,"WGN-TVPolice in suburban Montgomery are looking for the person who shot six people at an Easter party early Sunday.It happened just after 12:30 a.m. Sunday, in Montgomery, near Aurora.Four men and two women in their 20’s were sitting inside a garage at a home in the 1300 block of Jefferson Street, when a shooter walked up and fired several shots.They were taken to the hospital, and are all expected to recover.Police said the gunman got away in a gold SUV with black rims.Anyone with information about the shooting should contact the Montgomery Police Department at (630) 897-8707 ext. 3300.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.(NEXSTAR) — The U.S. State Department is “strongly” urging all Americans to reconsider international travel, according to a press release issued Monday.In light of “unprecedented risks” posed by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the department has announced plans to update its current travel advisories to better reflect guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). In doing so, the department will expand its Level 4 (Do Not Travel) advisory to approximately 80% of the world's countries.CHICAGO — A temporary halt in Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccinations is not slowing down Chicago's push to distribute shots.There were a lot of questions about the new mass vaccination site at Chicago State University, mainly because it was originally supposed to be giving the one shot Johnson & Johnson vaccine.Health officials report 2,587 new confirmed and probable cases of coronavirus in Illinois Tuesday, including 9 additional deaths.Illinois Department of Public Health is now reporting a total of 1,306,787 cases, including 21,694 deaths, since the pandemic began."
81,206,127413,"April 20, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,6600 South Michigan Ave,0,5,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/04/20/four-children-shot-in-south-side-drive-by/,"CHICAGO (CBS) —Five children – ages 11 to 15 – were shot Sunday night in a drive-by on the South Side.The kids were walking from a nearby park to a convenience store, when they were shot in the 6600 block of South Michigan Avenue around 7:30 p.m., police said.An 11-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl were taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County. The younger girl was the most seriously injured, initially listed in serious to critical condition, but was awake and talking Monday morning.Her cousin, 14-year-old Jamanta White, and a 14-year-old girl, were taken to Comer Children’s Hospital. The girl was in serious condition, with a gunshot wound to the abdomen.Jamanta was released from the hospital at around 10 a.m. Monday, after doctors treated him for a gunshot wound to the leg and a graze wound to his side.A fifth child, a 14-year-old girl, walked into St. Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center after the shooting. She had been grazed by a bullet.Jamanta said he and his cousin were with about seven other kids who were leaving a nearby park, and were on their way to a local convenience store when a car with four young men inside pulled up and asked what gang the kids were with.“They never gave us a chance to speak,” he said. “They just started shooting.”He said three people in the vehicle all had guns and opened fire. He said he and his friends tried to run for cover.“I had no reason to get shot, because I’m not in a gang or nothing,” he said.His grandmother, Rebecca Washington, said Jamanta and his cousin attended Easter church service earlier in the day.“Easter Sunday was a typical Sunday,” she said. “We’re in church every Sunday.”Washington said it will be a while before she lets her two grandchildren go outside to play again.Police said no suspects were in custody as of Monday morning."
82,209,124146,"April 11, 2014",Indiana,Richmond,North 15th and H Streets,0,4,http://fox59.com/2014/04/11/victims-identified-in-quadruple-richmond-shooting/#axzz2ycQJQCwq,"Fox 59by:Kylee ScalesRICHMOND, Ind. (April 11, 2014) – Four men were wounded in a Richmond shooting Thursday night.At approximately 9:05 p.m. the Richmond Police Department was dispatched to the area of North 15th and H Streets on the report of shots fired.When officers arrived, they found three men suffering from gunshot wounds. All three were taken to Reid Hospital.A fourth male was also shot, but he was able to drive himself to the hospital. The injuries are not considered life-threatening, police said.Investigators located at least 15 empty shell casings that had been fired by the suspects. Witnesses told police the suspects were three black males in a dark colored car that left the scene and headed northbound on North 15th Street.The four men who were shot have been identified as Tristen Odell Bennett, 34, Ohio; Frank Deloney, 33, Richmond; Maurice Boatman, 26, Anderson; and Terry Johnson, 23, Anderson.Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call the Richmond Police Department Detective Division at 765-983-7356.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.CORONA, Calif. (KTLA) -- A California man accused of physically assaulting a Korean American couple and threatening a Japanese American Olympic athlete has been arrested, authorities said Monday.Michael Vivona, 25, is accused of punching the two elderly Korean Americans in the face Sunday at Grijalva Park in Orange, California, the same place where he is accused of targeting U.S. Olympic karate athlete Sakura Kokumai on April 1, according to police.INDIANAPOLIS––The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) is asking the public to help identify a man they believe robbed a gas station on April 7.Police said a man wearing a Batman t-shirt walked into the Circle K Gas Station on the 8900 block of South Emerson Avenue around 3:03 a.m. and announced the robbery.INDIANAPOLIS -- On the heels of last week's FedEx mass shooting, IMPD officers arrived at the corner of 37th Street and Baltimore Avenue Monday afternoon to investigate a double homicide.The shooting deaths of two men mark the 73rd and 74th homicides in Indianapolis, a city that has endured three mass shootings so far this year."
83,210,124131,"April 9, 2014",Illinois,Rockford,300 N Sunset Ave,0,5,http://www.rrstar.com/article/20140410/NEWS/140419948/10448/NEWS,"ROCKFORD — Police said at least four people were shot with birdshot Wednesday night.None were seriously injured.About 9:40 p.m. Rockford Police officer responded to West Jefferson Street and North Sunset Avenue on a report of gunfire.Police found one spent shotgun shell casing in the street in the 300 block of North Sunset.While officers were on scene, a 16 year old male called police and reported being shot in the back and legs on North Sunset with birdshot, small pellets designed for shooting birds. Rockford Fire Department paramedics transported the teen to an area hospital for treatment.During the course of the investigation police determined that at least four other victims between 16 and 17 years old had been shot at and three of them were struck by birdshot. All had very minor wounds, police said.Police are looking for two suspects.Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to call Rockford Police at 815-987-5824 or Crime Stoppers at 815-963-7867.— Chris GreenROCKFORD — Police said at least four people were shot with birdshot Wednesday night.None were seriously injured.About 9:40 p.m. Rockford Police officer responded to West Jefferson Street and North Sunset Avenue on a report of gunfire.Police found one spent shotgun shell casing in the street in the 300 block of North Sunset.While officers were on scene, a 16 year old male called police and reported being shot in the back and legs on North Sunset with birdshot, small pellets designed for shooting birds. Rockford Fire Department paramedics transported the teen to an area hospital for treatment.During the course of the investigation police determined that at least four other victims between 16 and 17 years old had been shot at and three of them were struck by birdshot. All had very minor wounds, police said.Police are looking for two suspects.Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to call Rockford Police at 815-987-5824 or Crime Stoppers at 815-963-7867.— Chris Green© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Rockford Register Star  ~ 99 E. State St., Rockford, IL 61104~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
84,212,123008,"April 7, 2014",Louisiana,New Orleans,500 block of South Alexander Street,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/04/mid-city_shooting_leaves_4_inj.html,"mid-city-shooting-map.pngFour people were injured early Monday morning during a shooting in Mid-City. NOPD said the shooting happened around 2:30 a.m. in the 500 block of South Alexander Street.(Google Maps)Four people were injured early Monday morning during a shooting in Mid-City.New Orleans policesaid the shooting happened around 2:30 a.m. in the 500 block of South Alexander Street.Two males and two females were shot, police said. The females are 48 and 61 years old, and one of the men is 34 years old. NOPD did not have an age for the fourth victim Monday morning.The victims were standing outside when two vehicles pulled up and the occupants began shooting, according to a preliminary police report released at 9:30 a.m. Monday. All of the victims were shot multiple times, the report said, with injuries primarily to the legs and hands. NOPD said the injuries were not life-threatening.The four people were taken to a hospital for treatment.No information was available Monday morning from NOPD about a possible motive or suspects, but police say the investigation is ongoing. Authorities ask anyone with information on this crime to contact Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111.NOPD said this shooting was one of two Monday morning that left five people injured. Theother shooting happened in eastern New Orleans. NOPD said the two shootings were unrelated.--This story was updated at 10:30 a.m. Monday to reflect new information from NOPD.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
85,213,123666,"April 6, 2014",Massachusetts,Springfield,90 Worthington St.,0,4,http://www.masslive.com/news/index.ssf/2014/04/4_people_wounded_in_springfiel.html#incart_most-read,"Lux shooting 04-06-2014.jpgPolice cars and yellow crime scene tape surround the area in front of the Lux nightclub on Worthington Street, where four people were wounded in a shooting Sunday morning.SPRINGFIELD— A total of five gunshot victims were being treated at Baystate Medical Center in connection with two early Sunday shootings in Springfield.Four people were wounded after they apparently got caught in the crossfire between two rival groups firing at each other outsideLux Nightclubat 90 Worthington St. just before 2 a.m. Sunday.Springfield policeCapt. Harry Kastrinakis said preliminary information indicates the groups were involved in a shootout as people were leaving the nightclub around closing time. An estimated 20 rounds were fired.Police responded to the scene at 1:58 a.m. Some officers who were within earshot of the gunfire responded within moments. Multiple ambulances were dispatched to the scene.One shooting victim showed up at Mercy Medical Center for treatment, while four victims were brought to Baystate's trauma unit. None of their injuries were believed to be life-threatening. Some were shot in the torso, but most were hit in the arms or legs, Kastrinakis said.One victim was shot in the leg in Baystate's parking lot, but Kastrinakis said police were unsure if that incident was related to the shooting outside the nightclub.Several police police units were stationed near the emergency room entrance as a precaution to prevent any retribution attacks, but gunfire erupted in the parking lot despite the police presence.Police do not know how many shooters were involved in the downtown gunfight outside Lux. The incident remains under investigation.Anyone with information is asked to call the Springfield Police Detective Bureau at (413) 787-6355.This is a breaking story; more information will be posted as it becomes available.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
86,214,125863,"April 6, 2014",Oklahoma,Oklahoma City,Northwest 29th Street and Portland Avenue,0,4,http://www.koco.com/news/4-hurt-in-oklahoma-city-club-shooting/25346772#mid=18799353,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Oklahoma City police are investigating a shooting at a club early Sunday morning.Authorities said shots were fired at Club Pulse about 1:30 a.m. That club is near Northwest 29th Street and Portland Avenue.Investigators said a fight led up the the shooting, and the gun battle continued into the parking lot.Officials said security guards opened fire when they said they came under gunfire.At least four people were taken to area hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries.Police said other shooting victims may have left the scene before officers arrived.None of the security guards were hurt.Police have questioned at least three people in the case, but no suspects were named.Share breaking news photos on u local.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
87,218,121031,"April 2, 2014",Texas,Fort Hood,Motor Pool Road and Tank Destroyer Boulevard,4,16,http://kdhnews.com/military/shooting-report-could-spark-change-to-fort-hood-s-gun/article_1531a40c-a456-11e4-89ca-875214898bf3.html,"Mostly sunny. High 74F. Winds N at 15 to 25 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..A few passing clouds. Near record low temperatures. Low around 40F. Winds NNE at 15 to 25 mph.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 1:46 pmEmergency personnel race through the Bernie Beck Main Gate following reports of a shooting, Wednesday, April 2, 2014 at Fort Hood.Emergency personnel race through the Bernie Beck Main Gate following reports of a shooting, Wednesday, April 2, 2014 at Fort Hood.FORT HOOD — Soldiers could face new requirements for owning personal firearms in the wake of a report on the 2014 post shooting that left four dead.The report, released Friday, makes a number of recommendations about so-called privately owned weapons based on the findings of an investigation into the shooting by 34-year-old Spc. Ivan A. Lopez.On April 2, Lopez opened fire on his fellow soldiers, killing three and wounding 16 before taking his own life.In the aftermath of Lopez’s rampage, investigators discovered the .45-caliber handgun he used was purchased at Guns Galore, an off-post retailer. Before purchasing that weapon, Lopez bought a similar model firearm at an AAFES on-post store. He later reported that gun stolen to the Killeen Police Department.The April shooting is far from the only deadly incident at Fort Hood to involve a weapon purchased privately off-post. Nidal M. Hasan also used a weapon purchased from Gun Galore in the Nov. 5, 2009, Fort Hood shooting that killed 13 people and injured more than 30 others.Four months before Lopez’s rampage, Army spouse Rouhad Ahamd Ezzeddine used a weapon and ammo purchased at Action Pawn #1 on Fort Hood Street to kill his two young daughters, and then himself, in their on-post home in January 2014.In all three cases, the weapons purchased off post were not registered when they were brought onto Fort Hood.Meet majority of requirementsAccording to Friday’s report, Fort Hood meets the majority of Army requirements for privately owned weapons. Currently, all service members and their dependents living, residing or staying temporarily on-post must register any personal firearms kept on the installation with the Directorate of Emergency Services. Registration requirements do not apply to soldiers or their families if they live off-post.“Commanders are limited in collecting a soldier’s (privately owned weapons) information if the soldier resides or stores (the weapon) off the installation,” the report states. “This impacts a commander’s ability to maintain situational awareness over a service member and their actions involving a firearm that could be concealed and brought onto the installation for unauthorized purposes.”The report stated there were about 9,800 weapons on post, though it noted the registration system is not always updated when a soldier or family member with a personal firearm leaves post.The report recommends broad changes to the National Defense Authorization Act that would require commanders to collect information about soldiers’ privately owned firearms, and require them to register the weapons regardless of residence.Changes at Fort HoodThat change, however, would require legislative action.Friday’s report also recommended changes to the personal weapons policy at Fort Hood specifically. The installation was not completely in compliance with an Army policy that mandates all soldiers and family members obtain the approval of a unit commander to register a private weapon. Instead, soldiers with the rank of sergeant first class and above are exempt from getting approval before registering a personal weapon.The report recommended the local regulation be changed to get rid of the exemption, though it also notes this policy did not have an effect on the April 2 shooting. In fact, the report concluded there were no “clear warning signs” Lopez was going to commit a mass shooting.Other recommendations included developing a de-registration policy for private weapons, and creating policy and guidance for purchasing firearms on post.On Friday, Fort Hood spokesman Col. Christopher Garver said the installation was working with Army in assessing recommendations in all the areas covered by the report.“The Army’s investigation report release Jan. 23 included several recommendations,” Garver said. “The Army, including Fort Hood, are currently in the process of evaluating and implementing those recommendations.”Contact Chris McGuinness atchrism@kdhnews.comor (254) 501-7568. Follow him on Twitter at ChrismKDH.FORT HOOD — It was just after 4:15 p.m. April 2 when gunshots rang out on post.Ft Hood (or any other military installation) will never solve the problem of these ""random"" shooters until the military leadership decides to recognize the right of individuals to protect themselves.  Soldiers and citizens should be permitted to carry firearms for their own protection on military installations.  Or the military needs to begin a 100% inspection regime at every gate and begin armed patrols of all public and work locations on Ft Hood.Classic example in how far left the military has moved in the last 6 years.Bubba is SPOT ON! It’s not about registering guns!The people that suggests these recommendations are smoking pot! CHL holders should be allowed to carry on Post; it’s more dangerous on Post that it is in Killeen. I use the Dental Clinic on Post and I’m in fear because some whack job going to come in and shoot the place up; while I’m sitting there like a sheep!Do they honestly believe someone bent on shooting people is going to give a rats butt about registering a firearm?This isn't about firearms registration. Once again, leadership gets focused on the incorrect aspect of this issue.Soldiers are citizens. They have rights. This includes the right to bear arms. Firearms registries are illegal. Rights are being abused and laws are being violated by some of these policies.Whether a firearm is registered, or not, is not an accurate indicator as to whom may be a threat to themselves or others with a firearm.The recurring theme with these incidents is that someone knew, prior to the incident, that the perpetrator was under stress or was a threat to others, and this information was not passed to proper authority to enter this information into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) as required by the United States Code. Only then can retailers prevent ineligible persons from acquiring firearms, as they have been declared mentally defective as required by law.Procedures must be implemented to identify potential threats and restrict that person's access to firearms, by linking mental health treatment and law enforcement. Mental health professionals must be more forthcoming in reporting potential threats and law enforcement must take such reports seriously, and respond accordingly.Someone in this Soldier's unit knew he was under stress. The incidents in the Soldier's life prior to the violent outburst indicate significant stress was being placed on this individual. He was under evaluation for PTSD, had sought help for depression, anxiety, and was on some form of unknown medication. This person should not have had access to firearms.The report issued indicates that the chain of command is not to blame and no signals were missed. Really?Stop focusing your after action reports on the inanimate object you seek to regulate to no useful purpose, giving the appearance that you're ""doing something"". Stop issuing reports exonerating those who should have known.Get focused on the problem, and fix  your broken mental health treatment system. Fix the communication systems between the medical community and commanders, who, generally, are not doctors. Give commanders the authority to intervene in the lives of Soldiers in crisis, and separate them from the ability to harm themselves and others. Restore the role of the noncommissioned officer, whose role it is to know their Soldiers and lead them while preserving their well being.^agree 100%!! If an individual is not mentally stable and even if they are ineligible to legally buy a firearm they will, in fact, use something else, knife, sword, pitch fork, etc. if they truly wish to do harm to others or themselves. Changing the regulation to try an fix this issue is like trying to put a band-aid on wound that requires a tourniquet. Firearms and weapons are not the problem, mental instability is.Log InKeep it Clean.Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.Don't Threaten.Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.Be Truthful.Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.Be Nice.No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.Be Proactive.Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.Share with Us.We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article."
88,222,117914,"March 23, 2014",California,San Francisco,Turk and Taylor,0,7,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2014/03/24/no-arrests-after-7-injured-in-sf-tenderloin-drive-by-shooting/,"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — San Francisco police said seven people were injured in a drive-by shooting, following a fight in the city’s Tenderloin neighborhood Sunday night.Witnesses reported hearing arguing during what appeared to be a game of dice. A male suspect then shot the group near Turk and Taylor streets at about 8:55 p.m., San Francisco police Sgt. Danielle Newman said.The suspect got into an argument with the victims and then walked to a double-parked silver sedan and pulled out a handgun from the car and began firing into the crowd lingering on Turk Street, Newman said.Seven victims, all males, were transported to San Francisco General Hospital, treated and released for gunshot wounds and injuries to their extremities, Newman said.The suspect then got into the passenger seat of the car and the driver headed westbound on Turk Street, Newman said.Investigators have not been able to establish a motive or make any arrests. Police are checking to see if there’s surveillance video that captured the shooting.No suspect information was immediately available.© Copyright 2014 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed."
89,223,172722,"March 23, 2014",California,Long Beach,601 Long Beach Boulevard,1,3,http://homicide.latimes.com/neighborhood/long-beach,"View more photos »April 20, 2021Daniel Jacinto, a 40-year-oldLatinomale, died Friday, April 2, after beingshotnear 1545 W. 19th St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Daniel Jacinto? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.April 20, 2021Lauren Nicole Archibeque, a 38-year-oldwhitefemale, died Friday, April 2, after beingshotbylaw enforcementnear 2851 Golden Ave. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Lauren Nicole Archibeque? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.April 20, 2021De Corion Sanders, a 17-year-oldBlackmale, died Saturday, March 27, after beingshotnear 3710 E. Esther St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of De Corion Sanders? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.April 20, 2021Byron Scottie Miller, a 51-year-oldBlackmale, died Sunday, March 21, after beingshotnear 327 E. 25th St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Byron Scottie Miller? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.March 31, 2021Davon Ramon Lawrence, a 32-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, March 16, after beingshotnear 1726 Alamitos Ave. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Davon Ramon Lawrence? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.March 31, 2021Joel Campos Vargas, a 54-year-oldLatinomale, died Thursday, March 11, after beingshotnear 1600 Stanton Place inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Joel Campos Vargas? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.March 16, 2021Lavelle Lamonte Brandon, a 45-year-oldBlackmale, died Monday, Feb. 22, after beingshotnear 327 E. 25th St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Lavelle Lamonte Brandon? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.March 2, 2021Dwight Deshaw Neals, a 31-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Feb. 16, after beingshotnear 639 Olive Ave. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Dwight Deshaw Neals? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 16, 2021Anthony Steven Loia, a 26-year-oldLatinomale, died Saturday, Feb. 6, after beingshotbylaw enforcementnear 1401 Magnolia Ave. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Anthony Steven Loia? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 16, 2021Kosta Dimitrios Kritikos, a 30-year-oldwhitemale, died Thursday, Jan. 28, after beingstabbednear 2677 56th St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Kosta Dimitrios Kritikos? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 1, 2021Egary Baide, a 25-year-oldLatinomale, died Friday, Jan. 22, after beingshotnear 429 E. 14th St. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Egary Baide? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Feb. 1, 2021Samuel A Villalba, a 64-year-oldLatinomale, died Sunday, Jan. 10, after beingshotnear W/B 91 Freeway E/O Cherry Avenue inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Samuel A Villalba? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Arthur Touch, a 14-year-oldAsianmale, died Wednesday, Dec. 16, after beingshotnear 1440 Saint Louise Ave. inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Arthur Touch? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Miguel Reyes, a 21-year-oldLatinomale, died Saturday, Dec. 12, after beingshotnear 980 N. Loma Vista Drive inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Miguel Reyes? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Alejandra Martinez, a 36-year-oldLatinofemale, died Saturday, Dec. 5, after beingshotnear Magnolia Avenue & West Anaheim Street inLong Beach, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Alejandra Martinez? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform."
90,224,117642,"March 21, 2014",South Carolina,North Charleston,7550 Dorchester Road,0,4,http://www.abcnews4.com/story/25170497/suspect-arrested-for-club-camoflauge-shooting,
91,225,117591,"March 16, 2014",Texas,Beaumont,S 4th St,3,1,http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/article/Beaumont-man-gets-life-for-killing-3-siblings-6665786.php,"A Beaumont man pleaded guilty Monday to killing his three siblings and wounding his girlfriend last year.Joe Frederick Hawkins, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for the March 16, 2014 shooting.Jefferson County prosecutors chose not to seek the death penalty in this case because Hawkins was deemed to be intellectually disabled with an IQ below 70.""This was a horrible tragedy for the Hawkins' family,"" Assistant District AttorneyRachel Grovesaid in a news release. ""Nothing will bring back Mrs. Hawkins' children, but justice requires that Mr. Hawkins be held responsible for what he did no matter who the victims were.  We cannot stand by and allow this type of tragedy to occur in our community with no consequences.""Beaumont police responded to gun shots fired at an address on Fourth Street, where they found four victims wounded, two of them already dead.Reshawna Hawkins was shot in the face and pronounced dead at the scene.Anthony HawkinsJr. was also pronounced dead at the scene with multiple wounds in his upper torso, court records show.Darrel Hawkins, the oldest brother, was shot in the head area and died later atChristus Hospital-St. Elizabeth.According to statements from witnesses, Hawkins had an altercation with all four victims.  Hawkins then produced a handgun and began firing at all victims.After shooting his three family members, he chased down and shot his girlfriend several times.  His girlfriend was the only survivor of the attack.BScott@BeaumontEnterprise.comTwitter.com/BrandonKScottBrandon Scott is a reporter at the Beaumont Enterprise."
92,227,115012,"March 14, 2014",New York,Brooklyn,S. Second and Roebling Sts,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/kids-hospitalized-williamsburg-shooting-article-1.1722432,"A 12-year-old boy was among four people hit in a wild shooting in Brooklyn on Friday.The targeted quartet, which also included two 14-year-olds and a 17-year-old, were all shot in the legs at S. Second and Roebling Sts. in Williamsburg at about 7:30 p.m., according to witnesses and police sources.They immediately scattered but then fell from their wounds, creating a crime scene that stretched for two blocks.The victims, who are all expected to survive, have been uncooperative with detectives, police sources said.The parents of one 14-year-old victim said a man called out and started blasting away .""In New York nothing surprises me,"" the teen's 60-year-old mom said outside Bellevue Hospital. ""I just try to stay prayed up.""The shooting could be gang related, according to a police source."
93,228,113156,"March 9, 2014",Ohio,Fremont,531 W State St,3,1,http://fox8.com/2014/03/09/shock-sadness-after-3-killed-in-fremont-bar-shooting/,"Fox 8 Cleveland WJWby:Dave NethersIgmidio Mista (Courtesy: Fremont Police Department)FREMONT, Ohio – Authorities have named the alleged suspect in a fatal bar shooting in Fremont, Ohio.Police are searching for Igmidio Mista, 33, and say he should be considered armed and dangerous.Three people including an off-duty police officer are dead and another is in the hospital after ashooting in Fremont, Sunday morning.Police said they were called to the Last Call Bar around 1:30 a.m. for reports of shots fired.Friends of the victims told FOX 8 News the shooting may have been the result of an argument that escalated.Among the deceased is Officer Jose ‘Andy’ Chavez of the Elmore, Ohio Police Department.Elmore Sgt. Jeffrey Harrison described Chavez as “a great guy.”Chavez was a full time officer, one of only six officers in the department including the police chief.He was a father of two young children, ages 16 months and 6 years.Harrison said Chavez was out celebrating a belated 26th birthday with friends when the shooting started.Also among the victims is Ramiro Sanchez, 28, an employee of the bar and a local musician whose friends said enjoyed working with other musicians in the area.“He’s real big into helping people get bigger. He helps publicize. He helps do all their fliers, helps get all their shows going, you know. He tries to help out a lot. He would give you the shirt off of his back if you asked for it,” said Robert Saudeda.Police identified the third victim as Daniel Ramirez, a patron of the bar who may have been there helping celebrate with Chavez.A fourth victim, Ramiro Arrola, 25, was flown to a Toledo hospital. His condition was not known on Sunday.Little is known about what led to the shooting.Neighbor, Chris Page, was shocked. “It was a very quiet bar. It was families and couples involved with it. It was family-owned and that’s all you would see going in there was couples,” said Page.Agents with the Bureau of Criminal Identification were assisting Sandusky County Sheriff’s deputies, The Ohio Highway Patrol, and local police with the investigation.According to the Fremont Police, Mista is wanted on three murder charges for the shooting. Each charge is a first degree felony with a maximum penalty of 15 years to life in prison and a $15,000 fine.They’re asking anyone with information to contact them at 419-332-6464.CLICK HEREfor more.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The 12 jurors who reached a verdict Tuesday in the case against Derek Chauvin had three counts to consider as they weighed whether he is responsible for the death of George Floyd.Chauvin is charged with second-degree unintentional murder, third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. He could be convicted on all of the charges, some or none. The decision was expected to be announced Tuesday afternoon.COSHOCTON, Ohio (WJW)-- The Coshocton County Sheriff's Office arrested a suspect in the disappearance and death of 20-year-old Brianna Ratliff.Blake A. Grewell, 19, is charged with aggravated murder. More charges are expected, the sheriff's office said.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S.The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
94,229,113247,"March 9, 2014",Texas,Austin,4900 block of West Race Avenue,0,6,"http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/chi-developing-6-shot-after-s-austin-party-police-say-20140309,0,6563032.story","A gunman opened fire on a home in the Austin neighborhood Sunday morning after an argument at a party, wounding six people, including a high school basketball star, police and hospital officials said.The shooting happened around 3:30 a.m. in the 4900 block of West Race Avenue on the West Side, said Officer Hector Alfaro, a Chicago Police Department spokesman.The shooter left the home after a dispute with another person, returned with a gun and shot into the home, Alfaro said.Bullets struck six people.Tyquone Greer, a Division I college basketball prospect at Orr Academy High School, was one of three victims taken to Stroger Hospital, a hospital official said.Greer and his family could not be reached for comment Sunday. But his coach, Louis Adams, said Greer was home from the hospital and is expected to make a full recovery.""He's doing pretty well,"" Adams said. ""Fortunately the bullet went in and out."" Two others were taken to Stroger and were stabilized, a 17-year-old boy shot in the face and an 18-year-old man shot in the arm, police said.A 20-year-old man shot in the chest, back and leg was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was listed in serious condition. A 22-year-old man was also taken to Mount Sinai with a gunshot wound to the calf. His condition was stabilized, police said.About the same time, a 20-year-old woman arrived at Loretto Hospital shot in the abdomen and lower leg. She was transferred to Mount Sinai Medical Center and listed in serious condition.Police did not immediately take anyone into custody or release a suspect description.Greer's team is considered a favorite in the Class 3A basketball tournament. Asked whether he had heard from a lot of college coaches Sunday, Adams said he had taken ""a million calls.""""With the grace of God, everything is going to be OK with his career. … Right now we just want the kid to get well.""Freelance reporter Mike Helfgot contributed.asege@tribune.com|Twitter:@AdamSegeCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
95,230,113255,"March 8, 2014",California,Richmond,1600 block of First Street,1,3,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2014/03/09/deadly-richmond-shooting/,"RICHMOND (CBS SF) — One person was killed and three others injured in a shooting in unincorporated North Richmond on Saturday night, a spokesman said Sunday.At around 10 p.m., deputies responded to reports of several people who had been shot in front of a home in the 1600 block of First Street, Contra Costa County Sheriff’s spokesman Jimmy Lee said.Two victims were taken by private vehicle to Doctors Medical Center in San Pablo before deputies arrived at the scene, Lee said.Two other victims remained at the scene and were taken by ambulance to John Muir Medical Center, he said.One of the victims who had been taken to Doctors Medical Center — a 23-year-old man — was flown by helicopter to John Muir, where he later died, Lee said.The victim’s name was not released.The three other victims were expected to survive, Lee said.No suspects have been identified.Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to contact the Contra Costa County Sheriff’s Office at (925) 313-2600 or the anonymous tip line at (866) 846-3592.© Copyright 2014 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed"
96,232,112415,"March 5, 2014",South Carolina,Pelzer,Law St,3,1,https://www.wyff4.com/article/sole-survivor-describes-what-happened-in-home-where-3-were-killed/7007858,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.A woman who hid under a bed to escape a man who killed three other people has described what happened.The information in the police report from the Anderson County Sheriff's Office came from the sole survivor of the shooting, 36-year-old Tara Hendricks.Hendricks called police from a house a short distance from where the shooting took place on Law Street on Wednesday.  Hendricks told deputies that she had been the home on Law Street in Pelzer where she and Victor Vandergrift live.  She said her friend, Hank Eaton, was also there.She said Eaton got into an argument with 34-year-old Jared Williams, who was at the home. She said the argument became heated, and Williams pulled out a handgun and shot and Eaton.Hendricks said Williams then shot and killed Vandergrift, and then shot her. She said she hid under the bed, and Williams stayed in the house until another woman came in, and he shot and killed her.Thursday morning, Deputy Coroner Don McCown identified those killed as Wanda Renee Anderson, 43, Victor Vandergrift, 48, and Hank Eaton, 33.Hendricks said that Williams then stole a green truck and drove away.  He was later captured after a chase and crash in Piedmont. (Full story, video, pictures)Gladys Waters, the 91-year-old neighbor whose home Hendricks ran to after the shooting, said, ""She was scared to death.  She was foaming at the mouth.  She was hollering, 'Call 911, call 911.'""Waters said Hendricks told her she was shot in the leg and the arm.""She was bleeding and I got her a roll of paper towels,"" said Waters.Investigators said Hendricks injuries are not life-threatening.  She remains hospitalized.Williams was under guard at Greenville Memorial Hospital until Thursday afternoon, when he was moved to the Anderson County Detention Center.His girlfriend, Hope Phillips, 19, was arrested Wednesday night and charged with murder, four counts of accessory after the fact of murder and larceny.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
97,233,111095,"March 1, 2014",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh,Hamilton Avenue,1,4,http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2016/03/21/man-gets-15-30-years-for-deadly-shooting-at-homewood-bar/,"PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — A man has pleaded guilty in a 2014shooting that left four men injured and one dead.Cornell Poindexter, 30, appeared in court Monday and pleaded guilty to one count of 3rd degree murder, four counts of aggravated assault and one count of person not to possess a firearm.The charges stemmed from a shooting that occurred on Mar. 4, 2014 at the Rendezvous Phase III bar on Hamilton Avenue.Vincent Holt Jr., 27, was was shot eight times and pronounced dead at the scene, while four other men were taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening wounds.According to our partners at The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, 23-year-old Corey Clark was originally accused of being the gunman, but those charges were dropped.In exchange for his guilty plea, Poindexter was sentenced to 15 to 30 years in prison.Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook PageStay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter"
98,234,111109,"March 1, 2014",Michigan,Detroit,7800 Gratiot Av.,0,4,http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/03/03/man-charged-with-attempted-murder-in-last-week-shooting-at-detroit-tax-business/,"This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided byFactset. Powered and implemented byFactSet Digital Solutions.Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided byRefinitiv Lipper.Detroit Police Officers check out the scene after a shooting injuring four people at a tax preparation business in Detroit, Friday, Feb. 28, 2014. Deputy Police Chief Rodney Johnson said a woman became upset when her tax refund wasn't ready Friday and started scuffling with the guard. Johnson said the man with her pulled a gun and started shooting. (AP Photo/Detroit Free Press, Jarrad Henderson)  DETROIT NEWS OUT; NO SALES; MANDATORY CREDIT(The Associated Press)DETROIT –A man who authorities say shot three people at a Detroit tax-preparation business has been charged with attempted murder, weapons violations and other crimes.The Wayne County prosecutor's office says 19-year-old Xzavier Mazyck was arraigned Monday. He is being held on a $250,000 bond, and his Mazyck's probable cause hearing is scheduled for March 14.Prosecutors say Mazyck got into an argument Friday with a tax preparer because a woman accompanying him wasn't able to get a cash tax refund at Tax City Tax Service.Prosecutors say Mazyck shot a security guard and two women inside the building and beat a tax preparer. Police said earlier that four people were shot.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided byFactset. Powered and implemented byFactSet Digital Solutions.Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided byRefinitiv Lipper."
99,235,109957,"February 25, 2014",Virginia,Glade Spring,33325 Graceland Ln,4,1,https://www.timesnews.net/News/2014/02/25/Four-killed-in-Glade-Spring-domestic-shooting,"Mugshot of Kevin Dale Palmer, provided by the Washington County, Va., Sheriff's OfficeGLADE SPRING — Four people are dead and one is hospitalized in fair condition as the result of a domestic shooting in Southwest Virginia Tuesday.Officers with the Washington County Sheriff's Office received a call around 5:30 a.m. Tuesday about a shooting in progress at 33325 Graceland Lane, Glade Spring. The person who called was believed to be Griffin Palmer, 17.He told officers that two people had been shot at the residence, and then the phone was disconnected.When Palmer was contacted by telephone, he told police he had been shot. When asked where the shooter was, he stated in the house, according to a news release.When officers arrived at the scene, they found five people who had been shot inside the home. Two were dead while the other three were in critical condition.The injured were Kristin Palmer, 46, 21131 Deerfield Lane, Glade Spring; Griffin Lane Palmer, 17; and Terry Griffin, 75. All three were transported to Bristol Regional Medical Center.Griffin Palmer died on the way to the hospital, and Kristin Palmer died at BRMC. Terry Griffin is listed in fair condition, the release stated.Nancy Griffin, 74, and Kevin Dale Palmer, 44, 21131 Deerfield Lane, were dead at the scene. Police believe Kevin was the shooter and died from what officers said appears to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound.Investigators think the shooting was the result of an ongoing domestic dispute between Kristin and Kevin. Authorities said there was evidence of forced entry into the home and a struggle inside.Both Nancy Griffin and her husband, Terry, were retired from Emory and Henry College.Emory and Henry President Jake Schrum released the following statement about the incident.“On behalf of Emory & Henry College, I wish to express my profound condolences to the family and friends of Nancy Griffin, a former employee of Emory & Henry College, and other members of her family who died Tuesday morning,"" he said. ""We ask for prayers for Nancy’s family, including her husband, Dr. Terry Griffin, a retired E&H professor, who is recovering from injuries sustained in the incident. Both Nancy and Terry, who served this institution with distinction and dedication for many years, occupy an important place in the heart of the Emory & Henry community, and this tragedy leaves us with an extreme sense of sadness and loss.”Kristin Palmer was an English and drama teacher at Virginia High School. She had been employed by the school for the last 20 years. She coached a competitive drama team, and her students consistently won regional championships, according to school principal Ronnie Collins.She taught English at all levels as well as summer school and home school.""She was very energetic and vibrant,"" Collins said. ""She will be sorely missed by all the faculty she worked alongside for the last 20 years.""Griffin Palmer was a student at Patrick Henry High School in Glade Spring. He was active in athletics."
100,236,109142,"February 22, 2014",California,Wilmington,1200 block of W Papeete St,0,4,http://www.presstelegram.com/general-news/20140222/4-injured-1-critically-in-harbor-city-shooting,"Trending:HARBOR CITY (CNS) – An argument degenerated to a shooting at a family party at a Harbor City home today, leaving one person hospitalized in critical condition and three others winged.The three other shooting victims wounds were considered non-life threatening, said Sgt. Ed Piago of the Los Angeles Police Department’s Harbor station.The shooting was in the 1200 block of West Papeete Street and was reported to police at 2:45 a.m., Piago said.According to police at the scene, the suspect drove away in a dark- colored BMW.Harbor station police detectives asked anyone with any information regarding the shooting attack to call them at (310) 726-7900.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
101,238,108649,"February 20, 2014",California,Alturas,300 W 1st St,4,2,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2014/02/20/4-dead-2-injured-in-shooting-at-norcal-tribal-headquarters/,"ALTURAS, Modoc County (KPIX 5) — A woman involved in an eviction hearing at an American Indian tribal headquarters near the Oregon border went on a deadly rampage Thursday, killing four people and critically wounding two others in a gun and knife attack, police said.Cherie Lash Rhoades, a former tribal leader and chairwoman of Cedarville Rancheria in Modoc County, was arrested after the attack, said Alturas Police Chief Ken Barnes.The dead include a 19-year-old woman, a 30-year-old man, a 45-year-old woman and a 50-year-old man, with one of the victim’s being the tribe’s leader,Barnes said.Rhoades is charged with four counts of murder and two counts of attempted murder.Barnes said tribal members were meeting about evicting Rhoades and her son from property at the Rancheria which, according to its website, is a federally recognized tribe with 35 members.During the hearing, Rhoades drew a semi-automatic handgun and started shooting, Barnes said. When she ran out of ammunition, Rhoades ran into the kitchen, grabbed a butcher knife and charged after a woman who had already been shot several times, Barnes said.Four people were shot in the tribal office and a fifth was shot trying to flee, police said.One of the people who escaped the attack, and was covered in blood, ran to the Alturas police station to report the attack, Barnes said.When officers arrived the suspect was outside the building, running and clutching the knife in her hands, but a Rancheria employee helped tackle her and she was quickly subdued and brought into custody, Barnes said.Map of a fatal shooting at the Cedarville Rancheria Tribal Office in Alturas on February 20, 2014. (CBS)The stabbing victim and one of the shooting victims—both women—were taken to a Redding hospital where they were in critical condition, the Redding Record-Searchlight reported.Investigators said they found two guns but Barnes said he didn’t know whether both had been used in the shooting, the Record-Searchlight said.A person who answered the phone at a residence listed for Rhoades declined to comment Thursday evening.Alturas, the seat of Modoc County, is a town with a population of about 2,800 and is known for its remote wilderness and natural beauty. It is about 55 miles south of the Oregon border and 35 miles west of the Nevada line.Officials said the Rancheria owns 26 acres in Cedarville, Calif., and many of its families reside there, according to the tribe’s website.The tribal office in Alturas hosts tribal events and activities like council meetings, youth tutoring and holiday celebrations.TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten. The Associated Press contributed to this report."
102,241,107673,"February 16, 2014",Indiana,Fort Wayne,Lafayette Street and East Tillman Road,0,5,http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/One-Dead-Six-Injured-In-Dallas-Nightclub-Shooting-245753181.html,"A shootout between rival gangs left one man dead and six others injured at a teen function at a Dallas nightclub early Sunday morning.Dallas police said it happened at about 1 a.m. Sunday at the B-N-H club on the 2600 block of South Harwood Street.Dallas police told NBC DFW that rival gangs caused a disturbance inside the club during a function for teens. Armed security used mace to break up the fight and forced the offenders outside, where the shooting took place.The latest news from around North Texas.Officers arrived to find 21-year-old Terrance Carroll dead from gun shot wounds. Six other people were treated for non life-threatening gunshot wounds.Several witnesses identified 22-year-old Eugene Rudd as the shooter. He was taken into custody for unlawful possession of a weapon by a felon. Police said additional charges may also be added."
103,242,108659,"February 16, 2014",Texas,Fort Worth, 115 NW 25th St.,1,4,http://journalgazette.net/article/20140218/LOCAL07/140219287/1002/LOCAL,
104,244,107403,"February 15, 2014",Nevada,Las Vegas,Sahara and Maryland ,0,5,http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/arrest-report-describes-chaos-during-shooting-wedding,"Capacity and social distancing rules would be completely lifted once 60 percent of eligible residents have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine.Nevada on Tuesday reported 381 new coronavirus cases and nine additional deaths, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.The jury has reached a verdict at the murder trial of former Minneapolis police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd.A Facebook livestream showing North Las Vegas police using a deaf woman’s children as interpreters depicted a “clear violation” of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a local ACLU attorney said.Taking Las Vegas’ median home price for a spin around the valley reveals diverse offerings.The World Series of Poker will be broadcast on CBS Sports Network starting this year, with 15 hours of Main Event coverage and 36 hours of other events.The Las Vegas man was arrested after approaching a girl near a northwest valley pool and offering her money to get into his truck, police said.Culinary-themed classes at Wynn Las Vegas, Sur La Table at Downtown Summerlin and Ethel M Chocolates in Henderson enable students to watch, taste and learn.Caesars has been approved by a United Kingdom court to acquire sportsbook operator William Hill.UNLV’s team was among nine finalists in the U.S. Department of Energy’s 2020 Solar Decathlon Build Challenge. Winners were announced Sunday.The Golden Knights needed two power-play goals to erase their deficit against the San Jose Sharks on Monday. To no one’s surprise, their captain came to their rescue.With just about six months left to obtain a Real ID and with DMV appointments scarce, now is a good time to book an appointment to get one.A cold front with strong winds aloft brought hazy skies to Southern Nevada early Tuesday, creating air quality issues.Tower 16 Capital Partners announced Monday that it sold three apartment complex properties for $182 million combined to a Utah real estate firm.San Jose Sharks forward Patrick Marleau played in his 1,768th NHL game Monday night, passing Gordie Howe’s mark before 3,950 fans at T-Mobile Arena.Appearance The first things that people notice are your eyes and your smile. Withholding a smile can make a negative impression and less-than-perfect-teeth may also be unfairly judged. You can change both with dental implants. No other tooth replacement option looks more like natural teeth. If you’ve been without teeth for a while you have […]The Thunderbirds returned to Nellis Air Force Base from the Cocoa Beach Air Show in Florida, according to a statement from the squadron.Malaysia-based Genting Group will make its Las Vegas debut in June with a $4.3 billion, 3,500-room megaresort on 87 acres formerly occupied by Boyd Gaming Corp.’s Stardust resort.Carrying a small piece of fabric from the first aircraft to gain flight in 1903 at Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, the helicopter Ingenuity flew on Mars Monday morning, the first flight on another planet.Check out the Las Vegas Raiders' new $2 billion home with this view looking south.Copyright ©2019Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc.|Privacy Policy|Terms of ServicePowered byWordPress.com VIPsublog"
105,245,106394,"February 12, 2014",Indiana,Gary,2220 block of Broadway,0,5,http://www.nwitimes.com/news/local/lake/shootout-at-gary-seniors-club-nets--year-prison-term/article_b6317bfa-5f27-5204-8c60-e49429580487.html,"CROWN POINT | An Illinois man was sentenced Thursday to 14 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to being involved in a shootout last year at the Safe and Sound Senior Citizens Social Club in Gary.Kendall M. Reed, 25, of Calumet Park, pleaded guilty to aggravated battery, a Class B felony. As part of the plea agreement, he could have been sentenced to prison for 10 to 14 years.The shooting happened Feb. 12, 2014, after Reed intended to rob the club at 2220 Broadway, which led to a shootout between Reed and club patrons, according to court records. Five people, including Reed, were wounded in the shooting.According to the plea agreement, one of the victims, Stevie Coleman, is no longer able to use his left arm because of the gunshot wound. Coleman also was shot in the upper left leg.Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Robert Persin presented Lake County Criminal Judge Clarence Murray with a letter from Coleman and photos of the injuries.Persin said the injuries have drastically impacted Coleman's employment and personal relationships. He argued for the 14-year term, citing Reed's extensive criminal history.Persin said Reed has had 27 contacts with law enforcement, and he was on parole in Illinois when the shooting happened.Defense attorney Marc Laterzo told Murray though his client does have past felony convictions, Reed has been cooperative and remorseful for his actions.Reed apologized to a mostly empty courtroom for his actions. He said he wants to take advantage of programs while incarcerated, and hopes to become a better role model for his younger relatives.""I'm (going to) do my time constructively,"" Reed said.Murray said it was clear from Coleman's letter and photos that the gunshot injuries have nearly destroyed his life. He told Reed he hopes he will use his time wisely in prison.""You don't have to stay on this course that you've been on,"" Murray said.Return to Regional Crime ReportReturn to Regional Crime ReportReturn to Regional Crime ReportReturn to Regional Crime ReportGet local news delivered to your inbox!CROWN POINT | Gary police identified a 23-year-old Chicago man as the suspect who shot four victims Wednesday night in an unlicensed bar and g…GARY | The senior club where five people were shot late Wednesday was not registered to do business in the state after failing to file documen…See all the latest crime map updates for Gary here.See all the latest crime map updates for Whiting here.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
106,246,106243,"February 12, 2014",California,Stockton,Constitution Park,1,3,http://fox40.com/2014/02/12/4-shot-1-killed-in-stockton-park/,"FOX40by:Ian McDonaldSTOCKTON-Stockton Police say four people were shot, one fatally, at Constitution Park late Wednesday afternoon.Three victims were rushed to the hospital. Their condition was not immediately known.Investigators have not released any information about a motive or possible shooters.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.DENVER (KDVR) — Tuesday is 4/20, the national holiday to celebrate marijuana consumption.If you are looking for a way to satisfy your munchies, some restaurants are celebrating with a few deals.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above.SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) — Apple on Tuesday debuted a new product for people who are prone to losing items, as well as a new, work-from-home-friendly iMac. There's also something new for podcast fans and upgrades to the iPad Pro, Apple TV and iPhone 12.Here's what was revealed during the April 20 Apple event:"
107,248,104721,"February 7, 2014",Florida,Miami,Northwest 41st Street and 9th Avenue ,0,5,http://www.local10.com/news/5-people-shot-in-nw-miamidade-county/-/1717324/24349900/-/mk974b/-/index.html,"Barbara A. BesteniBarbara A. BesteniMIAMI– Five people were shot in a drive-by shooting along Northwest 41st Street and 9th Avenue in Miami-Dade County.Three of the victims were airlifted to Jackcon Memorial Hospital in critical condition.  Two others were taken to the hospital by ambulance.  One of those victims has already been released.  The other is in stable condition.Sources say the victims were standing in front of a house when a man walked up, pulled a gun and fired at close range, striking all five people.There was no sign a of a getaway car and police say they believe the shooter ran, perhaps to a car waiting around the block.According to investigators, the shooting appears to be gang-related.Large quantities of marijuana were found inside the house, and one of the victims was arrested and charged with possession of a stolen gun which he had when police arrived.Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
108,250,104218,"February 5, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,6740 N Clark St,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150130/rogers-park/rapper-targeted-two-shootings-that-killed-others-instead-now-jail,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.ROGERS PARK — Rapper Young Pappy survived a shooting attempt that left a 17-year-old dead outside a Rogers Park McDonald's, and later was unscathed when a bullet intended for him killed a photographer waiting for a bus instead, police have said.But earlier this month, the rapper — whose real name is Shaquon Thomas — allegedly went back to that same McDonald's at 6740 N. Clark St., where he got in a fight with a man who later was shot across the street from the restaurant, police said.Now, Thomas —whom authorities have told residents about at community meetings— is in jail.He is locked up on $50,000 bail while awaiting a Thursday court hearing.Ben Woodard spoke to Thomas' mother about her son's arrest:Thomas was charged with marijuana possession and reckless conduct on Jan. 14 after he was arrested at his mother's home, according to a police report.The 18-year-old man he got into a fight with wasshot in the legabout 11:50 a.m. Police said the victim was cooperating in the investigation, but no charges have been filed in the shooting.Thomas is no stranger to gunplay.Last February, surveillance videocaptured a masked gunman opening fireon the rapper and the group he was walking with outside the McDonald's, striking him in the arm and killing 17-year-old Markeyo Carr, whose family lives in the same building as Thomas' mother. While Markeyo was with the group,his relatives have said he was not in a gang.Then, on July 12,photographer Wil Lewiswas killed by a stray bullet when another shooteropened fireat the rapper, who was walking in the 1300 block of Devon Avenue, police said. Lewis had been waiting for a bus and was shot in the back.The rapper celebrated his 19th birthday in jail during the time between the shootings. He served about two months of a one-year sentence for unlawful use of a weapon/vehicle, according to the Illinois Department of Corrections.Now, Thomas is back in jail.On Jan. 14, the rapper could be seen on surveillance camera footage ""verbally assaulting"" the man who later was shot, according to a police report. The commotion caused customers to rush out of the restaurant.After the altercation, officers responded to shots fired in the 1600 block of West Columbia Avenue, where they found the victim, the report said.Officers then went to Thomas' mother's home, where the rapper's mother allowed officers to search the apartment, the report said.Thomas was found inside the unit, the report said. Before leaving, Thomas asked for his jacket. When officers searched the jacket, they found four knotted plastic bags containing pot, according to the report. The red-and-black jacket with an ""Indian"" on the back matched the description of someone who was seen fleeing the scene of the shooting, the report said.A $50,000 bail was set for Thomas in court the next day, according to court records.Thomas' mother, Ingrid Thomas, said Thursday there was no evidence to prove her son was the target of any shootings.""I could believe that if my son was the only person out there, but he wasn't,"" she said, standing at the front door of the home where her son was arrested two weeks earlier. ""I don't believe the police. They don't have proof.""She said her son had straight As in grade school, but began hanging around a bad crowd at Sullivan High School. (The police report of the most recent shooting incident described him as a known member of the Insane Cutthroat Gangstas, a Gangster Disciples street gang in Rogers Park.)Now, she fears for her son's life, she said.""It's very scary, and it's very frustrating,"" she said.She said when her son was arrested, police entered her home with guns drawn. They later searched the home for hours ""looking for a gun,"" she said, but didn't find any.She said the police are ""painting my son as someone that he's not.""""I'm not arguing with the police, but you can't believe everything they say,"" she said.Thomas recently had been introduced to a Chicago Police Department program that refers people at risk of gun violence to social services, such as job training.In addition to the recent incident, Thomas has other convictions in his background: In June 2013, he was convicted of felony unlawful use of a weapon and sentenced to two years probation, court records show, but he violated that probation and was sentenced to a year in prison.The following year, Thomas racked up four misdemeanor convictions for retail theft, criminal trespass and two counts of reckless conduct, and was sentenced to a total of 65 days in jail.Between stints in jail, the well-known rapper racked up more than 50,000 views on one of his most recent YouTube music videos, titled ""Savages.""The song includes an apparent reference to the shootings.""...Tried to set me up, but you missed n----,"" he raps.Thomas has also publisheda videowith fellow rapper and Insane Cutthroat Gangsta Keith Hayer, akaBang Da Hitta.The duo seems to have a close bond. Since Thomas was locked up, Hayer has been posting messages to his Facebook page calling for Thomas' release.Contributing:Erica Demarest, Erin MeyerFor more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterNext inRogers Park & EdgewaterCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
109,251,103698,"February 3, 2014",Indiana,Franklin,2100 block of Bridlewood Dr,3,2,http://fox59.com/2014/02/04/update-three-dead-following-murder-suicide-in-franklin/#axzz2sHLWf5JB,"Fox 59by:Matt Adams - Web Producer,Zach MyersAbove (left to right) Ernest Jasper, Andrew Parish and Sara DavidsonFRANKLIN (Feb. 4, 2014) – Johnson County authorities believe 21-year-old Andy Parish knew he was going to die.They say Parish left a vague suicide note in the bedroom of the home he shared with his parents. But, they say the note gave no indication that he intended to hurt or kill anyone else.Around 10:30 Monday night, Franklin Police say Parish took a handgun to a house on Bridlewood Drive, where he argued with his ex-girlfriend, 19-year-old Maria Davis. Davis lived in the house with her mother, Leanne Smith, her 12-year old brother and her friend, 19-year old Sarah Davidson. Davidson had just moved into the house three days earlier, according to her mother.Investigators say the argument between Parish and Davis prompted her younger brother to run across the street for help. He found 46-year old Ernest Jasper and his two sons, Dustin Gray, 21 and Danny Scott Jr, 18. Jasper and his two sons went across the street to calm things down, according to police. And that’s when the situation turned deadly.Franklin Police Chief Tim O’Sullivan said Parish fired multiple shots, killing Sarah Davidson at the scene and injuring Leanne Smith and Dustin Gray. Ernest Jasper survived his injuries for a short time before he was later pronounced dead.“This is a very violent scene and unexpected,” O’Sullivan said. “I don’t know that I have words for it. It’s just something you hope never to see again.”Smith sustained a minor injury and was treated and released. Gray was last reported in stable condition at Eskanazi Hospital.Maria Davis and her 12-year old brother were not injured.After the shootings at the house, investigators say Parish drove his Ford Mustang a short distance to a grain silo along County Road 400 North. A neighbor who saw his car called it in as suspicious activity. As police responded and announced their presence, Parish was standing a few feet from his car. Without a word, they say he turned an AK-47 on himself and took his own life.“It’s just a sad day in Johnson County,” said Sheriff Doug Cox. “Unfortunately, we may have these type of incidents once a year, but once is once too many.”During a Tuesday news conference, police said there were no outward signs that Parish would resort to deadly violence. They said the suicide note left at his parents house was found after the shootings occurred. They did not share details on what the note said, but did mention that it was vague.Reached by telephone, Sarah Davidson’s mother told Fox59 that her daughter had just move into the house on Friday. She said Sarah and Maria Davis had been friends from middle school. She said Sarah never mentioned any problems with Maria’s ex-boyfriend, Andy Parish.A friend of Ernest Jasper told Fox59 that Jasper was a kind man who would do anything to help somebody. According to police, that’s what he was trying to do when he was killed Monday night.Investigators were still working to determine what caused Parish to turn toward violence. Pictures on his Facebook page showed him and Maria Davis during happier times. There were also several pictures of guns and ammunition, similar to what police say they found in his car.Franklin Mayor Joe McGuiness praised the work of law enforcement in responding to the violence. He also stressed the importance of spotting any warning signs of violent behavior.“You know, a lot of times we hear domestic violence, whether it’s emotional, physical, whatever that may be,” McGuiness said. “This is a perfect situation where it can be taken and escalated to the next level. And it needs to be taken very seriously. “SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.INDIANAPOLIS -- Health experts are seeing a decline in vaccinations nationwide. At one point many were rushing to schedule appointments but that’s no longer the case in some areas.“What we’re seeing is interest in the vaccine is weaning a little bit across the state,” said Regenstrief Institute, Director of Public Health and Informatic, Dr. Brian Dixion.INDIANAPOLIS-- The community continues to heal from the mass shooting at the FedEx ground facility.“Violence in general, and the trauma that comes from violence has lasting and significant effects on everyone,” said David Berman, with Mental Health America of Indiana. “Anyone who goes through an event like that is going to have some post-traumatic stress”MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
110,253,113665,"January 27, 2014",Washington,Seattle,2nd Avenue South and South Main Street,1,4,http://www.komonews.com/news/local/Apologetic-felon-linked-to-deadly-Pioneer-Square-shootout-316077531.html,
111,254,100434,"January 25, 2014",Illinois,Chicago,S Union Ave and W 51st St,1,4,https://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/01/27/3-killed-14-wounded-in-weekend-shootings/,"CHICAGO (STMW) —Three people were killed and at least 14 others were wounded since early Saturday in shootings across the city.Miguel Naverrette, 15, was shot and killed in the Little Village neighborhood Sunday afternoon.Naverrette was sitting inside a parked vehicle in the 4100 block of West 30th Street about 4:50 p.m. when someone inside a dark-colored SUV pulled up and fired shots at him while yelling gang slogans, authorities said.Naverrette, of the 2800 block of South Karlov Avenue, was shot in the abdomen and side and pronounced dead on the scene at 5:24 p.m., authorities said. Police said the teen had gang affiliations.A man was shot and killed early Saturday in the South Lawndale neighborhood.Police responding to a call of a person shot about 2:55 a.m. found the 23-year-old man unresponsive on the sidewalk in the 3800 block of West 26th Street, police said. The man suffered a gunshot wound underneath his chin.Jose Nunez, of the 1800 block of North Leavitt Street, was pronounced dead at the scene at 3:10 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office.About two hours earlier, four people were wounded and one man was killed in a shooting in a bar on the South Side.The five people were shot about 12:52 a.m. while they were attending a party inside Rudy’s Lounge in the 5100 block of South Union Avenue, police said. An argument broke out between party-goers and two uninvited males, and after the males were escorted from the bar by security, shots were fired from the bar’s doorway.Elsaleem Mannte’el, 35, of the 8100 block of South Drexel Avenue, suffered a gunshot wound to the head and was taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where he was pronounced dead at 1:38 a.m., according to police and the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office.Also, a 37-year-old man was shot in the neck and a 40-year-old man suffered a graze wound to the head, police said. Both men were taken to Stroger Hospital, where they were both listed in “stable” condition.A woman, 34, suffered a graze wound to the neck in the shooting and took herself to Provident Hospital of Cook County, police said. She was later transferred to Stroger Hospital and listed in “stable” condition.A 37-year-old man also drove himself to Provident Hospital with a graze wound to the arm, police said. As of 5 a.m., he had been treated and released.Ten other people were shot across the city over the weekend, including a man in the River North neighborhood Sunday evening.The 42-year-old was shot in the chest and arm just before 7:30 p.m. in the 300 block of West Chicago Avenue, police said. The man was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital where he was listed in “stable” condition, police said.No one is in custody for any of the shootings as area detectives investigate.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2014. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
112,255,100568,"January 25, 2014",Florida,Belle Glade,600 block of Covenant Drive,0,4,http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2014-01-26/news/sfl-four-injured-in-belle-glade-shooting-20140125_1_belle-glade-four-people-sho,"A Saturday night shooting in Belle Glade left four people hospitalized, according to a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office news release.It happened about 8:20 p.m. as a group of people were standing outside in the 600 block of Covenant Drive. That's when a vehicle drove by and opened fire, leaving four people hit.Palm Beach County Fire Rescue took the victims to a local hospital.Investigators set up a perimeter after more than one person ran toward a nearby cane field, according to the release.Deputies also found a vehicle riddled with bullets, but it is not known if the vehicle is related to the shooting. The investigation remains underway."
113,256,98836,"January 21, 2014",New Jersey,Newark,Springfield Avenue ,2,3,http://www.nj.com/essex/index.ssf/2014/01/prosecutors_identify_victims_in_newark_shooting_that_left_2_dead_3_hurt.html,"NewarkShootings.jpgProsecutors have identified the victims of a shooting that left 2 people dead and three others injured in Newark on Tuesday. Akbar Muhammad, the 36-year-old son of a city Imam, and 28-year-old East Orange woman Shante Spivey were gunned down while sitting in a parked car on Springfield Avenue on Tuesday morning.(Seth Augenstein/The Star-Ledger)NEWARK— Investigators have identified the victims of a shooting that left two people dead and three hurt after a gunman opened fire on a parked car in Newark's Central Ward Tuesday.Akbar Muhammad, the 36-year-old son of a well-respected Newark imam, and 28-year-old Shante Spivey of East Orange were shot and killed at 11:43 a.m. Tuesday on Springfield Avenue, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray.Three other victims, a 35-year-old woman, a 34-year-old man and an 18-year-old man, were injured in the attack, Murray said. They were listed in stable condition at University Hospital in Newark Tuesday night, according to Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio, who said one of the victims was a local store owner.All five victims were sitting in a parked car near the intersection of Springfield and Fairmount avenues when a lone gunman walked up and started shooting, DeMaio said on Tuesday. Muhammad, who was in the driver's seat, died at the scene. Spivey was pronounced dead at University Hospital a short time later.DeMaio said the attack was ""targeted,"" but claimed it was too early to tell who the shooter was aiming for. The gunman remains at large, and prosecutors have not commented on a motive in the twin slayings.Muhammad is the eldest son of Imam Abdul Akbar Muhammad of Ali K. Muslim Mosque in Newark. Many consider him one of the most well-respected imams in the city and a leader in the local Muslim community.Muhammad is survived by his parents and six siblings, according to Amin Nathari, a longtime activist in the Muslim community.""He was a very popular and well-liked young man, always respectful anytime that I saw him, and my heart grieves for his mother, father and his brothers and sisters,"" Nathari said Tuesday.•Killing of Newark imam's son draws fiery reaction from city leaders•Son of Newark Imam identified as one of two killed in Newark shooting•Multiple shooting in Newark leaves 2 dead, three others hurtNote to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
114,257,104902,"January 20, 2014",Virginia,Manassas,8509 Rixlew Ln,0,4,http://potomaclocal.com/2014/01/20/4-shot-outside-nightclub-near-manassas/,"BREAKING NEWSMaking You Smarter About Your Community. Faster.Update 1:30 p.m.Prince William police announced an arrest today in connection with this case:Arrested on January 20th:Jeremiah Eugene PULLEN, 24, of 285 Manassas Dr in ManassasCharged with 4 counts of aggravated malicious wounding, 4 counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony, 1 count of shooting into an occupied dwelling, and 1 count of shooting from a moving vehicleCourt date: unavailable | Bond: held WITHOUT bondPhoto credit: Prince William police8 a.m.MANASSAS, Va. —A woman remains in a hospital this morning after she and three others were shot outside a Manassas nightclub.More in a unedited press release:*UPDATE: Shooting Investigation – On January 20th at 2:21AM, officers responded to 90 Degrees located at 8509 Rixlew Ln in Manassas (20109) to investigate a reported shooting. Officers arrived and located four victims suffering from gunshot wounds. All of the victims, two men and two women, were transported to area hospitals.Three of the victims have since been treated and released. The remaining victim, a woman, is still being hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries. The investigation into the shooting revealed that the suspect had been removed from the bar by security shortly after 2:00AM. Once outside, the suspect got into his vehicle and drove by the front of the establishment where he opened fire, striking the victims.Officers arrived at the scene quickly and were able to broadcast a description of the suspect vehicle to adjoining agencies.A Manassas City Police officer located the vehicle and detained the suspect following a traffic stop. Detectives are currently interviewing the suspect and charges are forthcoming.The nightclub “90 Degrees” is in Prince William County just outside Manassas, and is  a restaurant by day and nightclub by night. It is located across from Manassas Mall and sits behind a Hooters restaurant.Share this storyYour email address will not be published.Required fields are marked*No jobs found.Making You Smarter About Your Community. Faster.© Copyright 2020 | All rights reserved by Potomac Local Media, LLC. Website byWeb Publisher PRODon't miss a headline! Sign up for our free email newsletterLeave this field empty if you’re human:"
115,258,97407,"January 16, 2014",Oklahoma,Ardmore,H St NE and Martin Luther King Blvd,2,4,https://www.ardmoreite.com/article/20140119/NEWS/140119648,"Ardmore Police Chief Ken Grace said the citizens of Ardmore should be ""extremely proud"" of the skill and professional manner in which the city's police officers responded to and ended the ongoing threat of a rampaging shooter Thursday night.""I have to commend the Ardmore officers for an outstanding job. And we would not have been able to accomplish our mission without the cooperation from the agencies who assisted,"" the chief said.Talking about the manhunt, Grace described Henry Jackson, also known as Lil Henry, as exhibiting signs of spiraling violence. He said it was those signals that led him to order the city sealed off and a street- by-street manhunt for the 18-year-old who had already wounded four people, including two ATF agents in Ardmore, and was the prime suspect in the murder of a Tishomingo man.""People were terrified and we were very concerned his next action might be in a public place, like a convenience store or a restaurant, where numerous lives would be at stake,"" Grace said. ""We needed to stop him before he shot anyone else.""Grace called in off-duty officers and requested assistance from other law enforcement agencies, including the Carter County Sheriff's Department, Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Lighthorse Police Department. Two hours after the manhunt was launched, Jackson was cornered near the intersection of H Street NE and Martin Luther King Boulevard.""We had received information about the stolen car he was driving and then what sector of the city he was in, and we began tracking him,"" Grace said.Corralled, Jackson refused to surrender. Instead, he opened fire on Ardmore police, shooting multiple rounds through the windshield and into the body of a police car. Officers returned fire. Jackson died in the gun battle.""Two officers put an end to the situation,"" Grace said, adding both officers were on paid leave pending the outcome of the officer-involved shooting.The chief deferred identifying the officers pending the outcome of the investigation. ""I don't think it would be proper to name them, and in order to eliminate any hint of bias, the APD has stepped away from the investigation and I have requested the Carter County Sheriff's Department to handle the inquiry.""Carter County Sheriff Milton Anthony said Saturday the investigation was under way, adding four guns had been recovered from Jackson's car during the initial stages of the investigation.Rumors began circulating Friday that Jackson was also responsible for a number of other unrelated crimes, including burglary and robbery in Ardmore earlier in the week.However, APD Capt. Kevin Norris said Jackson has not been identified as the primary suspect in any of those crimes.""We've heard the rumors, too, but so far we have not confirmed he was involved in those crimes. The investigation is ongoing,"" Norris said.The Johnston County Sheriff's Department is also conducting an investigation into the murder of Marcus Cole Holt and the subsequent kidnapping of Holt's girlfriend and her children.Johnston County Sheriff Jon Smith confirmed Friday the stolen car Jackson was driving at the time he died in the shootout with Ardmore police belonged to the 21-year-old Holt. But Smith said the investigation into what happened at the rural Tishomngo residence where Holt's body was recovered was not completed.Smith said deputies discovered Holt's body shortly before 7 p.m. Thursday. Smith said the former Lone Grove resident was ""the of victim of a violent act"" and listed his death as ""an apparent homicide,"" but would only say it was ""probable"" Jackson was the killer.In a press release, the sheriff said deputies acted on a 911 call from a women who reported ""a kidnapping and possible shooting ... The caller reported that her daughter and the daughter's two small children had been kidnapped from their residence, and that her daughter's boyfriend (Holt) had been shot ... the kidnap victim had just been freed from her abductor .. The dispatcher was able to determine the kidnap victims were at a residence in Gene Autry where the suspect had left them and then fled.""Smith said he requested assistance from OSBI as deputies began the probe into Holt's death and responded to Gene Autry to make contact with the kidnapping victim.About the same time, the sheriff said he learned of the shooting of ATF agents in Ardmore ""by a person identified as fugitive Henry Jackson, and that Jackson was driving a vehicle belonging to the shooting victim.""Smith said Friday several law enforcement agencies were continuing to work together to investigate all of the incidents involving Jackson.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.The Daily Ardmoreite  ~ PO Box 1328, Ardmore, OK 73401~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
116,260,96792,"January 14, 2014",California,Los Angeles,West 86th Street,0,4,http://ktla.com/2014/01/14/4-injured-in-south-los-angeles-shooting-lapd/#axzz2qWaUXxa3,"KTLAby:Melissa PamerFour people were wounded in a shooting in South Los Angeles on Tuesday evening, according to police.Police were called to scene in the 400 block of West 89th Street (map) for a report of people shots just before 6 p.m., according to Officer Christopher No of the Los Angeles Police Department’s Media Relations Section.The shooter was last seen heading southbound on Flower Street, possibly in a burgundy Jeep, No said.One person was shot in the leg, but the injuries of the other three victims were not known, No said.All the victims were 45 to 50 years old, No said.It was not known if the shooting was gang related, he said.KTLA’s Nidia Becerra Tijerino contributed to this article.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.President Joe Biden's administration announced an increase Tuesday in the number of temporary seasonal workers who will be allowed to work in the U.S. this year as the U.S. economy recovers from the pandemic.The Department of Homeland Security said the U.S. would approve an additional 22,000 H2-B seasonal, non-agricultural worker visas on top of the annual limit of 66,000 set by Congress. It cited increased demand from employers, with the number of people seeking jobless benefits at the lowest point since the outbreak of COVID-19.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening."
117,262,95579,"January 12, 2014",Illinois,Elgin,300 block of North St,0,5,"http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/chi-teen-shot-to-death-in-ford-heights-20140124,0,7508784.story","A 16-year-old boy has been charged with killing a 17-year-old in Ford Heights following a dispute Wednesday, authorities said.Paris Walker, of the south suburb, was ordered held without bail in a hearing today before Cook County Judge Darron Bowdown in Markham Branch Court after being charged as an adult with murder in the slaying of Malik McMillian, of Chicago Heights, according to the Cook County state's attorney's office.McMillian and Walker had a dispute on the street and in the back yard of a home in the 1400 block of Ambassador Lane in Ford Heights about 7:35 p.m. Wednesday, and McMillian tried to leave, trying to climb over a chain-link fence, when he was shot, prosecutors said.When McMillian fell to the ground after the first shots were fired, Walker stood over him and shot McMillian several more times, then fled the scene, prosecutors said.McMillian, who also had an address in the 16000 block of Shea Avenue in Hazel Crest, was pronounced dead on the scene at 8:07 p.m. Wednesday, according to the Cook Count medical examiner's office.An autopsy performed Thursday determined that he died as a result of multiple gunshot wounds.Twitter: @ChicagoBreakingCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
118,264,95550,"January 12, 2014",Alabama,Huntsville,University Drive,0,5,http://blog.al.com/breaking/2014/01/huntsville_police_arrest_15-ye_1.html#incart_river_default,"benchwarmerHuntsville police have arrested a 15-year-old in the shooting of five people at the Benchwarmer sports club early Sunday morning. (File photo)HUNTSVILLE, Alabama- Huntsville police have arrested a 15-year-old suspect in the shooting of five people early Sunday morning at the Benchwarmer sports club on University Drive. Police arrested the juvenile and found the weapon used in the shooting, according to a press release. The shooting suspect is being held at the Robert Neaves Detention Center on five counts of assault in the first degree.HPD also released the names of three of those shot as the result of a fight at the club: Jordan Darell Baker, 21, John Wesley Brewer, 20, Craig Allen Shelnut, 31, as well as a 16- and a 17- year-old. All five shooting victims remain at Huntsville Hospital where they are being treated for non-life threatening injuries.According to HPD, the shooting suspect has a prior history of arrests.HPD Chief Lewis Morris has suspended the city liquor license based on the fact that several juveniles were in the club when the shooting took place. The Benchwarmer is classified as a lounge with an entertainment license, which means patrons must be 19 years of age or older to enter. The club owner was contacted and agreed to voluntarily surrender his license, according to the press release. Agents from the Alabama Beverage Control Board are taking part in the ongoing investigation along with HPD.A patron who was at the Bench Warmer at the time of the shooting postedof a fight at the club and gunshots can be heard in the short clip.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
119,265,95146,"January 11, 2014",Mississippi,Jackson,3430 W. Capitol Street,0,4,https://www.wlbt.com/story/24423205/six-shot-in-jackson-saturday-morning/,"JACKSON, MS (Mississippi News Now) - Jackson police are investing six shootings from early Saturday morning. The first two shootings occurred near the M-Bar Sports Grill on Ridgewood Court in Jackson. Police said two men are in stable condition at UMC after getting shot leaving the M-Bar around 1:40 A.M.According to police, the victims were walking across the street from the bar when they were approached by two males in an SUV. The suspects pulled out guns and demanded money and other items. One man was shot in the stomach and the other man was shot in the arm.Shortly after the shootings near M-Bar, four others were shot at West Lounge located at 3430 W. Capitol Street.Police said some patrons were escorted out of the lounge after an altercation inside. Gunshots rang out among four individuals. One person was grazed and three people were shot. All are in stable condition.If you can help Jackson Police with any of these Saturday morning shootings call Crime Stoppers at 601-355-TIPS.Copyright 2014MSNewsNow. All rights reserved.715 South Jefferson StreetJackson, MS 39201(601)948-3333A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
120,266,94514,"January 5, 2014",Pennsylvania,Erie,829 Parade St,1,3,https://www.erienewsnow.com/story/24366744/1-killed-3-injured-in-early-morning-shooting,"Shots were fired around 1 a.m. Sunday morning in an East Erie neighborhood, killing a 26-year-old Erie man and injuring another man and two women.The shooting occurred inside the East Erie Turners building at 829 Parade St., during a private party.""The victim was pronounced dead at Hamot this morning at 1:28 a.m. by Dr. Beard,"" said Erie County Coroner, Dennis Suscheck.  ""My examination did find that he had been shot in the chest.""State police had to assist city police at UPMC Hamot when a large crowd gathered outside the Trauma Center, where the shooting victims were taken.The three wounded people - a 20-year-old man and women ages 18 and 19, were taken to UPMC Hamot with injuries that police said weren't life-threatening.Two of the victims have been released from Hamot, as of 5 p.m. Sunday evening.Detectives tell us about 200 people were at the private party, but witnesses to the shooting are not being especially cooperative.  Still, police are optimistic they will be able to make an arrest.If you have any information, witnesses are asked to call (814)-870-1120."
121,0,476321,"December 31, 2015",Louisiana,New Orleans,1900 block of Amelia Street,0,6,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/03/suspect_arrested_in_new_years.html#incart_river_index,"New Orleans Police have arrested a suspect in a New Year's Eve shooting in the 1900 block of Amelia Street that injured five people. Tuwan Minor, 20, was booked Friday (March 4) on four counts of aggravated battery.At least one gunman jumped out of a dark four-door vehicle and opened fire on a gathering outside a home, 6thDistrict Commander Ronnie Stevens said the night of the shooting. Police were called about 9:45 p.m. NOPD spokesman Tyler Gamble said Monday (March 7) he is checking into whether Stevens is suspected of acting alone.Gamble said Minor was also shot, but the other shooter has not been identified. That person will face criminal charges, Gamble said.Two 16-year-old girls said they were talking in the 1600 block of Amelia that night when multiple shots rang out. One of the girls, whose knees were scraped, said she threw herself to the ground behind a parked car. From that vantage point she said she saw a young man calling out ""I'm shot! I'm shot! I'm shot!""""He was holding himself limping,"" she said.NOTE: This post has been updated to include additional information from Tyler GamblePurchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
122,1,473882,"December 27, 2015",Tennessee,Jackson,North Parkway,0,4,http://www.wbbjtv.com/video/four-injured-in-bar-shooting/,"SectionsFeaturesWBBJ-TVEAST JACKSON, Tenn. — Four people were injured outside in the parking lot of a bar after a shooting in East Jackson overnight.According to the Jackson Police Department, the shooting occurred at “B and B Bar Dive” on North Parkway Sunday morning around 2 a.m.The four victims were taken to the hospital for their injuries. The incident is currently under investigation. Police did not say if they are looking for suspects or if anyone is in custody.© 2021 WBBJ TV."
123,2,472268,"December 26, 2015",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,4210 Macalester St,0,4,http://www.philly.com/philly/news/Four_injured_in_Feltonville_shooting.html,
124,4,471860,"December 25, 2015",Alabama,Mobile,785 Schillinger Rd S,0,4,http://m.wtvm.com/wtvm/db/376055/content/cDjbcCrb,"1909 Wynnton RoadColumbus, GA 31906(706) 494-5400A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
125,5,469468,"December 21, 2015",California,San Leandro,14600 block of East 14th Street,0,4,http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/2-arrested-for-shooting-4-people-outside-San-6717634.php,"Two men were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder with a hate-crime enhancement Tuesday after they allegedly shot four people outside a San Leandro nightclub Monday morning because some of the people in the group were gay, police said.The suspects were identified Wednesday as Carlos Cervantes and Salvador Lopez Aguilera, both 28, said Lt. Robert McManus, a police spokesman.The victims, three men and a woman, were all between 28 and 34 years old, and are from Oakland and Livermore.Officers responded toreports of the shootingin the parking lot of Club Caliente on the 14500 block of East 14th Street just before 2 a.m. on Monday, McManus said.The incident started inside the club, where the victims met to go dancing. They were confronted by Aguilera and Cervantes at the bar, and an exchange of words ensued.McManus said Cervantes and Aguilera followed the group to the parking lot where they began making disparaging remarks about them due to their sexual orientation.“At one point, Aguilera told Cervantes to shoot them, and he pulled out a high-powered handgun and opened fire,” McManus said.Four people were injured, all hit by gunfire, McManus said, but none of their injuries was life-threatening. All were taken to nearby hospitals for treatment and were released, but none of the victims was identified.After the shooting, the suspects fled in Aguilera’s van, which had been parked across from the club at East 14th Street, but was later found in front of an East Oakland home, police said.About noon Tuesday, undercover San Leandro detectives caught Aguilera leaving a residence in the 1100 block of 82nd Avenue in Oakland, where he was arrested.McManus said when Cervantes was arrested, he appeared to be making plans to leave the Bay Area or possibly the state.Detectives started trailing him in a car that left a home in the 3100 block of Berlin Way in Oakland, then continued to follow the car along Interstate 580 to San Leandro.The car stopped at MacArthur Boulevard and Dutton Avenue around 6 p.m. Tuesday, where Cervantes was identified and arrested. Investigators were continuing to look for the gun used in the shooting, described as a high-caliber semi-automatic pistol.Both suspects were being held at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin. Their arraignment in Alameda County Superior Court is set for 2 p.m. Thursday.Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail:kwilliams@sfchronicle.comTwitter: @sfkaleKale Williams is an Oakland native who writes about crime, catastrophes and cat videos, among other things. He joined The Chronicle as a general assignment reporter in 2013 after serving as the editor-in-chief of the Golden Gate Xpress, the student newspaper at San Francisco State University, where he got his journalism degree. His coverage of the feline community once prompted the Marin Humane Society to name a cat after him."
126,7,469614,"December 20, 2015",Florida,North Miami Beach,NE 167th St and NE 6th Ave,0,4,https://www.local10.com/news/2015/12/21/14-people-shot-in-miami-dade-county-over-weekend/,"Yelena Orrelly, Associate ProducerAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorYelena Orrelly, Associate ProducerAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorMIAMI– A violent weekend in Miami-Dade County ended with 14 people shot in four different shooting incidents, authorities said.The first shooting was reported Saturday in the city of Miami. Police said Jamal Pieze, 16, was walking on Northwest 39th Street and Northwest 16th Avenue when hewas shot by two other teens.One of the bullets hit a passing car driven by Ronald Galindo, 30, and shattered his window. Galindo was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital to be treated.Pieze survived the shooting and was also taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital, where he remains in stable condition.Another shooting was reported Saturday at Northwest 95th Terrace and 20th Avenue. Three people were injured.Five people standing outside a corner storeat Southwest 216th Street and 120th Avenue were shot Saturday night. Two of the victims were airlifted to Jackson Memorial Hospital in critical condition. The other three were taken to a hospital in Kendall, where Shannon Raheem, 23, died.Police are looking for a four-door, newer model silver car with tinted windows in connection with the southwest Miami-Dade County shooting. Police said the car is missing a passenger side rear-view mirror.The most recent shooting was reported Sunday night in northeast Miami-Dade County. Four people were shot just before 6 p.m. outside an apartment building at Northeast 167th Street and Sixth Avenue. Two people were taken to Aventura Hospital in stable condition, and two others were treated at the scene and released.The victims in that shooting were identified as Sabrina Edden, 19, James Lacroix, 43, Stanley Maignant, 25, and Valerie Pierre, 25.Detectives believe it was a drive-by shooting, but they do not know a motive. They said a dark-colored vehicle was driven by the culprits, but no other description was given.Anyone with information about any of the shootings is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.Copyright 2015 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
127,9,464665,"December 13, 2015",California,Los Angeles,5550 S. Flower Street,1,3,http://ktla.com/2015/12/14/man-killed-in-gunfire-at-the-standard-hotel-in-downtown-l-a-is-idd/,"KTLAby:Ashley Soley-CerroSurveillance video wasreleased Mondaythat police said captured the man who shot four people, killing one, outside The Standard hotel in downtown Los Angeles.Police have asked anyone who recognizes the man to come forward.The fatal incident began with an argument outside the hotel, located in the 500 block of South Flower Street, around 2:30 a.m. on Sunday, said Mike Lopez, with the Los Angeles Police Department’s Media Relations.The argument escalated to a physical altercation before one of the men pulled out a handgun.Three people were shot in front of the hotel, and the gunman chased a fourth person to the back of the hotel, Lopez said.All four victims were transported to the hospital, where the man who was chased was pronounced dead.He was identified by the L.A. County coroner’s office Monday as 21-year-old Thomas Johnson.The condition of the three surviving victims was not known.Police initially said one victim was located about 10 blocks from the hotel, at the intersection of West Olympic Boulevard and South Hill Street. It was unclear how he or she got to the location.The gunman was described by police as a black man in his 20s, with a mustache and black hair styled in cornrows. He was wearing a black trench coat the night of the shooting.The surveillance footage released came from the hotel elevator, which he took to get to a rooftop nightclub, Lopez said.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access."
128,10,464945,"December 13, 2015",California,Huntington Beach,17000 block of Keelson Lane,0,4,http://www.ocregister.com/articles/beach-695979-shooting-huntington.html,"Trending:HUNTINGTON BEACH – The Huntington Beach Police Department is seeking information on a Sunday morning shooting that injured four people and appears to be gang-related, according to a news release. No arrests have been made.Two shooting victims were treated for minor injuries and released. Another two are in stable condition at a local hospital.Officers responded to the report of shots fired at about 10:46 a.m. in the 17000 block of Keelson Lane and found the four victims.Anyone with information is asked to call the Huntington Beach Police Department Special Investigation Bureau at (714) 536-5669 or the Information Hotline at (714) 375-5066. Anonymous tips can be submitted through Orange County Crime Stoppers at (855) 847-6227.Contact the writer:smountjoy@ocregister.comGet the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
129,11,465117,"December 12, 2015",Illinois,Lovejoy (Brooklyn),307 Jefferson St,1,3,https://www.kmov.com/news/man-sentenced-in-connection-with-killing-outside-metro-east-strip/article_8d43988b-8b14-5e51-8fa9-da39e32c95d1.html,"Tony Hampton, 25, is accused of leading police on a chase with a stolen vehicle.Bottoms Up Strip ClubTony Hampton, 25, is accused of leading police on a chase with a stolen vehicle.Bottoms Up Strip ClubBROOKLYN, Ill (KMOV.com) - A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to 75 years in prison for the murder a 29-year-old man outside a Metro East strip club.Tony Hampton, 27, was convicted of first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of Salahudin Malik Robbins outside the Bottoms Up Strip Club in Brooklyn, Illinois in early December.According to authorities, at least three others were wounded in the shooting.It is still unclear what led up to the incident, officials say.Copyright 2015 KMOV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved."
130,13,463642,"December 11, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,5100 block of Park Heights Avenue,1,3,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bs-md-ci-homicide-20151211-story.html,"Four people were shot, one fatally, overnight in Central Park Heights, police said.At about 12:40 a.m., officers responding to the 5100 block of Park Heights Avenue for a report of a shooting said they found a 21-year-old female suffering from a gunshot wound to the side and a 17-year-old male suffering from a gunshot wound to the back.Police said a 24-year-old male transported himself to an area hospital for treatment for gunshot wounds to the chest and biceps.Evan Davis, 27, of the 3300 block of Garrison Avenue, was fatally shot.Police ask that anyone with information on this incident call Homicide Detectives at 410-396-2100 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 1-866-7LOCKUP.Clarification: In an earlier version of this article, Baltimore Police incorrectly stated the age of the 17-year-old man shot in the back. It has since been corrected.Recommended"
131,15,461476,"December 8, 2015",Ohio,Cincinnati (Fairmount),2300 block of Baltimore Avenue,1,3,http://www.wlwt.com/news/Arrest-made-in-East-Westwood-shooting-that-killed-1-injured-3/37047878,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Cincinnati police say they've arrested a man in a gun battle earlier this month that left one dead and three others injured.Police say they charged 31-year-old Anthony Rosemond Jr. with murder on Saturday.Court records do not indicate whether he has a defense attorney. The Associated Press attempted to reach several possible relatives, and a telephone listing for Rosemond was disconnected.Investigators say more than 20 rounds were fired Dec. 8 in front of a market on Cincinnati's west side.Police say 24-year-old Jonathan Austin died at the scene. Three others were injured in the shooting.Bond for Rosemond was set Monday at $500,000.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
132,16,460049,"December 6, 2015",Louisiana,Raceland,Market Street,1,3,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/12/arrests_made_in_fatal_dec_6_sh.html,"Raceland suspects.jpgKendell Thibodeaux Jr., left, and Jordan Williams(Lafourche Parish S.O.)Two people have been arrested in connection with aDec. 6 shooting in Raceland that left one man dead and three others injured, theLafourche ParishSheriff's Office reported Wednesday (Dec. 30).Kendell Thibodeaux Jr., 21, is booked with second-degree murder in the death of Tra'von Folse, 20, Sheriff Craig Webre said. Thibodeaux is also booked with attempted murder, along with Jordan Williams, 23.According to the Sheriff's Office, deputies received calls around 12:45 a.m. Dec. 6 that multiple people had been shot during a house party at a home on Market Street. Folse was shot in the abdomen and was taken to a local hospital where he later died.A 23-year-old man was shot in the neck and arm, a 20-year-old man was shot in the buttocks, and a 24-year-old man was shot in the neck, authorities said.Thibodeaux has been in jail since Dec. 18 because of a parole violation.On Monday, he punched an inmate in the face, rendering him unconscious, the Sheriff's Office said. Thibodeaux was booked with second-degree battery. He was booked Tuesday on the murder charge and being a felon in possession of a firearm.Williams, also booked with being a felon in possession of a gun, was arrested Tuesday night after leading deputies on a chase from a truck stop in Larose, the Sheriff's Office said. He also faces charges in connection with that incident.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
133,17,460386,"December 6, 2015",Nebraska,Omaha,North 108th Street and Military Road,2,3,http://www.ketv.com/news/man-wanted-in-double-homicide-turns-himself-in/36852730,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.An autopsy conducted on the woman killed in Sunday night's shooting determined she wasn't pregnant, according to a release from the Omaha Police Department.[Video: Team coverage: Dontevous Loyd turns himself in Tuesday morning]Autopsies were performance on Destacia Straughn, 22 and her daughter, Kenacia Amerson-Straughn, 2, according to the release. The finding means the man accused in the crime, Dontevous Loyd, will not face additional charges.Loyd turned himself into police Tuesday around 5:30 a.m. and will appear in court later this week.""He took a little bit of relief, a little bit of pressure, a little bit of stress off people knowing he turned himself in,"" said Michael Roby, the father of Kachelle Roby, who was injured in the shooting. ""But at the end of the day, there are still people out there that might want to do something else.""Loyd posted a photo (below) of himself at the Douglas County Jail on his personal Facebook page with the caption ""im here.""Authorities handcuffed Loyd and took him to police headquarters for questioning shortly after.Police believe Loyd shot and killed Destacia Straughn and her daughter, Kenacia Amerson-Straughn.Stacey Straughn, the mother of Destacia, said on a phone interview that she is glad he's (Loyd) in custody. She said that there's a lot of sadness in her home.The shootings happened in an apartment near 108th and Ida streets just after 11 p.m. Sunday.Three others were also shot and left in critical condition. Police identified them as Kachelle Roby, 22, Jamie Latner, 18, and Larrion Williams, 21.""It's not right, senseless,"" Bill Hanes, the step-grandfather of Latner, said.""What's wrong with you?"" asked Michael Roby. ""Why would you do something like that? You weren't in harm's way. They weren't jumping on you.""Michael Roby said he knows Loyd.""His nickname is Sleepy in the streets,"" Michael Roby said. ""I met Sleepy about three years ago. He showed no signs he could do something this horrific.""Kachelle Roby, a mother of two, was shot three times.Williams is at Nebraska Medicine, and her condition will not be released.Latner could be going home soon.""The bullet did go through all the way, and she is in pain,"" Hanes said.Hanes said his step-granddaughter and the other women went to the apartment near 108th and Ida because their friend felt something bad was about to happen.""Just went because the girl called, 'Please come over. I'm scared,' so they went,"" Hanes said. ""When a friend calls you, try to help. I hope he never sees the light of day again.""KETV NewsWatch 7's attempts to reach Williams' family were unsuccessful. The families of the other survivors said they're praying for Destacia Straughn's loved ones, and hope anyone who knows anything about the case will speak up.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
134,18,456893,"December 2, 2015",California,San Bernardino,1365 South Waterman Ave,16,19,http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-san-bernardino-shooting-victims-htmlstory.html,"A father of six. A free-spirit who befriended strangers in the grocery store checkout line. A mother of three who fled religious persecution in Iran. A woman who was 8 when she and her mother left Vietnam for a better life. The youngest was 26. The oldest was 60.These are the names and stories of the 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting on Dec. 2, 2015. They lived across Southern California, from Los Angeles and Orange counties, in the Inland Empire and the San Bernardino Mountains that tower over the valley where the shooting occurred.The list will be updated as more information becomes available. It also includes information about some of the 21 people wounded.Full coverage:San Bernardino shooting|Live updates|Share a memoryKTLAInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: YucaipaOccupation: Environmental health specialistMarital status: MarriedChildren: 1PermalinkAs an environmental health specialist with San Bernardino County, Robert Adams often inspected pools and food facilities during the construction phase.Adams, 40, and his wife grew up in the Inland Empire and were high school sweethearts, said family friend Jenni Kosse. They had tried to have kids for some time, she said, and he adored their 20-month-old daughter, Savannah. He loved taking her to the park and uploaded new pictures of her to Facebook almost every night.“When you saw the three of them together,” said a distressed Kosse, “you just wanted to jump in the middle and think, ‘I want to have fun too.’”He always looked out for others. He could sense when someone was angry or frustrated, she said. He’d smile at them and ask, “How can I help you?” Almost always, Kosse said, the person’s anger would melt away.Adams — who wore bright ties and his beard in a goatee — also spent time helping his parents, who donate doves to Inland Empire families who have lost a loved one, Kosse said. They give them away for free, she said, so families can release them at ceremonies.“To be supportive,” she said, her voice quivering. By Thursday night,a fundraising pageset up by friends, who said they were struggling to “make sense of what makes NO sense,” had raised more than $20,000 for the widow and young daughter.—Marisa GerberCourtesy of familyInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: FontanaOccupation: Health department employeeMarital status: MarriedChildren: 3PermalinkIsaac Amanios immigrated from Eritrea to California in 2000 to escape violence and repression in his home country, his brother said.“Nowhere is safe,” Abraham Amanios said, standing in front of his brother’s home in Fontana. “It makes you think that wherever I go in public... there is the chance of being threatened or attacked.”Nephew Zeke Gebrekidane heard the news of Isaac Amanios’ death late Thursday and drove through the night from Tucson to be with family in Fontana, he said.“I was beyond shocked,” Gebrekidane said. “It’s a very sad scenario. Whether it’s Paris, whether it’s Colorado, whether it’s San Bernardino, when does it end?”Amanios shared a cubicle with shooter Syed Rizwan Farook, said Chris Nwadike, a coworker.Nwadike said the two of them spoke what he assumed was Arabic — with Amanios clearly the native speaker, often poking fun at Farook’s poor delivery.Amanios was a family man who tutored his three children with their school work. All are currently in college, Gebrekidane said.“He was looking forward to his kids graduating from college,” he said. “He came here so his kids could have a better life. It’s not just his family affected, but the entire community is affected by this tragedy.”Isaac Amanios’ wife, Hiwet, works as registered nurse at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. He is survived by his wife, sons, Bruk and Joseph and daughter, Milka.On Twitter, Nat Berhe, safety for the New York Giants, said Amanios was his cousin and “a great human being.”“Just got word that one of my cousins was among the 14 killed yesterday, I’m so sick right now,” Berhe said in one Twitter post. Berhe was born in Fontana and played football at Colton High School.“The true terror is that this keeps happening. I still can’t believe it. Take a moment to think of the families hurting right now,” Berhe also tweeted.Read more:Families lay shooting victims Tin Nguyen and Isaac Amanios to restRead more »—Ben PostonCourtesy of the familyInjury: FatalGender: FemaleHometown: RialtoOccupation: Environmental health specialistMarital status: MarriedChildren: 3PermalinkBennetta Betbadal fled to America with her family to “escape Islamic extremism and the persecution of Christians that followed Iranian Revolution.”She was 18 at the time, according to statement released by her family. Her first stop was New York but she eventually moved to California, where she met and married Arlen Vedehyou, a police officer.Betbadal left her Rialto home Wednesday, eager to deliver a presentation to her colleagues in the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health at their meeting at the Inland Regional Center.She would not return to her husband and their three children, 10, 12 and 15 years old.Betbadal, who earned a chemistry degree from Cal Poly Pomona, worked as a health inspector and also led a team of restaurant inspectors, said Mark Russell, a friend who was acting as a spokesman for the family.“It is the ultimate irony that her life would be stolen from her,” the family said in their statement, “by what appears to be the same type of extremism that she fled so many years ago.”Read more »—Matt HamiltonCourtesy of familyInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: UplandChildren: 2PermalinkNobody was home at Harry Bowman’s apartment in Upland on Thursday evening.A package was tucked neatly under the welcome mat on the concrete landing. It had been sent “priority express” by his mother from York, Pa. The postage was $44.95.It was addressed to “Hal.”Bowman’s name had been released by authorities earlier in the day, along with the 13 other victims of the mass shooting Wednesday in San Bernardino. He was 46.Bowman was one of the earliest contributors to CREATE, a USC center that studies national security and terrorism, the director said in an email. Bowman, who left the center for a job with the San Bernardino Unified School District, was an expert in spacial data and mapping.Neighbors said they didn’t really know much about him, or anybody else at the Stoneridge Apartment Homes for that matter.“There’s not a lot of socializing,” said Gina Lugo, 54, who lives in the one-bedroom next door with her mother. “People just go to work and come home.”She said they had talked only once, when he advised her to call the management about a problem with the hot water.Across the hall, Dr. Guillermo Saenz, a 29-year-old medical resident, said he knew Bowman had at least one daughter.“He would come out to the pool and teach her how to swim,” he said.Reached by phone in York, Bowman’s mother, Marion, said that her son had grown up there and moved to California for work more than 15 years ago.He had two daughters, she said, adding that the family wanted to protect their privacy.The package, she said, contained Christmas presents.—Alan ZaremboKTLAInjury: FatalGender: FemaleHometown: Moreno ValleyOccupation: Environmental health specialistPermalinkSierra Clayborn, a 2010 graduate of UC Riverside, worked as an environmental health specialist for San Bernardino County.“I love hanging out with my friends and I love my blooming career in public and environmental health,” she wrote on her Facebook page, where her profile photo still has the red, white and blue filter honoring victims of last month’s terrorist attack in Paris. “I am dedicated to enjoying my new life, that God so graciously gave me, so I thank Him… and live life to the fullest. I love my life.”“I love you more than you ever knew,” her sister Tamishia wrote Thursday morning ina Facebook post. “You were taken too soon. My heart is broken. I am completely devastated.”She was energetic, thoughtful and always smiling, said Mary Hale, manager of the Fontana apartment complex where Clayborn had lived for a year and a half.“When I think of Sierra, only one word comes to mind: She was a lady,” Hale said. “That’s not a word I use lightly. She was a super, super lady.”Hale told The Times that Clayborn had frequently said how much she loved her job. “She was dedicated to her profession, and she loved the opportunities to meet different people,” Hale said.Clayborn shared an apartment with a boyfriend, Hale said.—Laura J. NelsonandLouis SahagunCourtesy of familyInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: HighlandOccupation: Environmental health inspectorMarital status: MarriedChildren: 2PermalinkJuan Espinoza, the youngest of 13 siblings, was raised in Sonora, Mexico, his nephew Daniel Castaneda said.He immigrated to Indio when he was in his early 20s and worked at the Department of Corrections to put himself through Cal State San Bernardino. He was hired as an environmental health inspector for the county, a job he loved “almost as much as working on his back yard,” Castaneda said.“He always mentioned that having an education is first priority and that an education is a treasure that nobody can take away from you,” said Espinoza’s niece, Zhenia Ponce De Leon.For those who first met him, Espinoza seemed a serious person. But his laugh was contagious, and he lived to make his family happy.He was “everyone’s favorite... and he reciprocated by making every one of us feel like we were his favorite, too,” Castaneda said.“Tio Juan was a hard-working, loyal, honest, and strict person but at the same time was a loving leader and advisor. He was someone who we could rely on and tell all our secrets with,” his niece said.The shooters, she said, “took away a piece of heart of everyone who surrounded him with love and respect.”He is survived by his wife, a daughter and a son.—Laura J. NelsonCourtesy of James GodoyInjury: FatalGender: FemaleHometown: San JacintoOccupation: Office assistantMarital status: MarriedChildren: 1PermalinkAurora Godoy had a wide smile and an open heart, and at the age of 26, the life she had planned for herself was falling into place.She and her husband, James Godoy, had met in 2003 during a Junior ROTC class at Carson High School, her husband said.They dated for about eight years before eloping in 2012. They bought a home in San Jacinto. She gave birth to their son, Alexander, who will turn 2 in January.Speaking by telephone as his son fussed in the background, James Godoy praised his late wife as a devoted mother.“It was all about him,” James Godoy said of his son.They did not plan on having more children, he added: “Oh no, one was enough.”Over the years, Aurora Godoy had attended various colleges and a culinary school, and she was a few credits shy of completing her associate degree.For about three years, she worked for the San Bernardino County elections office.Since January, she worked as an office assistant in the county’s Department of Public Health. She had joined her co-workers on Wednesday for a meeting at the Inland Regional Center.On Thursday afternoon, following a difficult, daylong wait, authorities informed James Godoy of his wife’s death.Calls have since flooded in and co-workers have set upa fundraising page. But he said he had not yet processed what happened or how to move forward. No funeral arrangements have been made.“Disbelief is the word,” he said. “Disbelief.”Read more:Shooting victim Aurora Godoy remembered for her humor, warmth—Matt HamiltonLinkedInInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: Los AngelesOccupation: Environmental health specialistPermalinkShannon Johnson’s studio apartment in Koreatown is a museum to his life.More than two dozen framed concert posters fill the walls of the main room. “We had tickets to see Gary Clark Jr. tomorrow,” his girlfriend, Mandy Pifer, said Friday morning.In the kitchen, portraits of relatives hang over a small, round table.Johnson had several of the images tattooed on his body: His first wife, his grand-daddies, his father, who died in a grain silo accident in Georgia when Johnson was a small boy.He wanted Pifer to be his next tattoo. They had recently decided to get married and planned to tell their families this month.In the bathroom, a framed collage of business cards hangs over the toilet, mostly from truck stops across the country.Johnson drove 18-wheelers for about a decade — with the CB handle Shannondoah — before he gave up life on the road to finish college and settle down. Around 2005, he started working for the Public Health Department in San Bernardino County.At the office, Pifer said, Johnson enjoyed talking about religion with Syed Rizwan Farook, a fellow restaurant inspector. Farook was a Muslim. Johnson was a Christian who dabbled in Hinduism.“He loved the department because he said it was like working in the United Nations,” Pifer said.Pifer, a psychotherapist and longtime member of Mayor Eric Garcetti’s crisis response team, met Johnson online about three years ago. Six months later, she moved into the apartment across the hall.He awoke each morning to read the news online and get his caffeine fix. He took his coffee with sugar and creamer. He had to be out the door by 4:45 a.m. to make it to work. He would text Pifer from the train.“Have a great day. I love you,” he wrote Wednesday morning in their last communication.Sitting in Johnson’s kitchen, she struggled to recall details. “My memory is damaged right now,” she said.It’s a common phenomenon among trauma survivors.“I’ve studied it,” she said. “I’ve read about it. I’ve heard about it from clients. Intellectually I understood it. Experiencing it is something different.”Update: When the gunfire began, Johnson shielded his co-worker Denise Peraza telling the young woman: ‘I got you.’ She was wounded but survived.Read her account>>—Alan ZaremboCourtesy of Ryan ReyesInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: RialtoOccupation: Ran coffee shop at Inland Regional CenterPermalinkLarry Daniel Kaufman, 42, considered himself a free spirit. He loved horror movies. He often held up the grocery store checkout line because he talked to everyone he met.He refused to get a driver’s license, saying he didn’t want to give up the daily rides to and from work from his boyfriend of nearly three years, Ryan Reyes. Reyes was the one who dropped him off Wednesday at his job running the coffee shop in Building 3 at the Inland Regional Center, training the developmentally disabled clients who worked there.Throughout the morning the couple traded texts and photos. At 10:37 a.m., Kaufman sent what was to be his final photo — a picture of a friend he had met at a comic book conference.About an hour later, Reyes, 32, received a text from his sister: “Hey Ry does Daniel work at the Regional Center in Sb? Check the news.”“Call me ASAP!” he texted Kaufman. He left messages and texted repeatedly. There was no reply. After false information that he had been wounded, Reyes and Kaufman’s loved ones waited 22 hours for word. Authorities needed a description to compare to the dead bodies still at the facility.Just under 6 feet tall and around 195 pounds, Reyes said. Black dress shoes with square toes. Khakis. A black polo shirt — the uniform for Coffee N More. No tattoos. Lots of rings and necklaces and one earring on each side — rainbow bars for gay pride.One minute past 24 hours from the last time Reyes heard from Kaufman, his phone rang. The aunt who adopted Kaufman had news: he was gone.Read more »—Alan ZaremboKTLAInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: RiversideOccupation: Health department employeePermalinkIn an email sent to employees, Juan C. Perez, director of Riverside County Transportation & Land Management Agency, called Damian Meins a “bright light” that had been “extinguished from our world in a most tragic way.”Perez said Meins had spent 28 years working for Riverside County and had recently returned to a position with the Environmental Health Dept. after retiring in 2010.“I will always remember Damian as a caring, jovial man with a warm smile and a hearty laugh,” Perez wrote.Meins was previously a physical education teacher and helped run after-school programs at St. Catherine’s School in Riverside, where he played Santa for the children. He was a graduate of UC Riverside, school spokesman James Grant said.“I just want everyone to know that he was a good man,” said a woman who answered the phone at his home. She identified herself as his daughter but did not provide her name. “He was an amazing man.”Parents and students gathered with school staff on Thursday to remember Meins. One of those parents, Laurie Lee Nusbaum, posted photos on Facebook of a religious mural he painted at the school.“This is such a tragedy and my 7-year-old daughter has learned a part of life that I wish I could protect her from,” Nusbaum wrote on Facebook.Read more:Victim of San Bernardino terror attack is recalled as ‘one of the good guys’—Megan GarveyandZahira TorresCourtesy of the Nguyen familyInjury: FatalGender: FemaleHometown: Santa AnaOccupation: Health inspectorPermalinkTin Nguyen was just 8 when her mother fled Vietnam with her child and maternal grandparents. The family toiled and saved their paychecks to rebuild after the war in a country they believed was safe. A place where “younger people would find their rewards through education.”Nguyen graduated from Cal State Fullerton with a degree in health sciences. For more than four years, she had worked as a county health inspector. On the job, she screened plenty of mom-and-pop restaurants, and away from work, she made sure to stay in constant touch with aunts, uncles and nearly 30 cousins ranging from age 3 to 41.“You cannot imagine how caring she is. She had such a big heart,” Emily Nguyen, 16, said of her cousin. “She never said no to us and would give you anything you asked.”The extended family united every Sunday for dinner, according to uncle Phu Nguyen. “Tin was a huge part of our gatherings. Everyone loves her spirit, she is so cheerful and so wonderful to be with,” he remembered. “Just days ago, she was trying on wedding dresses and had so much hope for the future.”Nguyen and her longtime boyfriend San Trinh had planned to get engaged next year and to marry in 2017. The day before she was killed the couple toasted his 32nd birthday at a shabu-shabu restaurant.“I work day in, day out, saving money. I intended to buy her a new house. We would move her Mom in to live with us. We talked about everything — our marriage, how many kids we wanted to have,” the mechanical engineer from Westminster said. “If I could tell people anything from this experience, I’d say: ‘Whatever you’re planning, don’t push it off. Get it done.’ ”Her mother Vanessa called her daughter “such a good soul.”“Only she can understand me — she understood everything I went through,” said Vanessa Nguyen, sobbing.Mother and daughter had planned for a wedding at their beloved St. Barbara’s Catholic Church, a few miles from their house.“She promised that no matter what, she would return to have her wedding there and now we’re having a funeral,” her mother said. “What will become of our lives?”Read more:Families lay shooting victims Tin Nguyen and Isaac Amanios to restRead more »—Anh DoCourtesy of Jennifer ThalasinosInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: ColtonOccupation: Health inspectorMarital status: MarriedPermalinkJennifer Thalasinos said her husband, Nicholas, was a “very devout believer.”The couple, who met online and had been together for 14 years, were Messianic Jews. Nicholas Thalasinos wore tzitzit, traditional fringe tassels, as well as a tie clip with the Star of David.“He became born again a couple of years ago, and because of that I had a very strong faith,” she said, “so I know that he’s in a much better place.”He evangelized many, she said. “He wanted to serve the Lord and bring more people to the Lord.”Friends recalled him as man who was always willing to lend a hand.Thalasinos said her husband, a health inspector, worked with shooting suspect Syed Rizwan Farook. She said that he was aware Farook was Muslim but had never mentioned that his co-worker had any extreme views. “If he would have ... my husband would have had something to say.”“They got along,” she said. “As far as I know, [Syed] got along with everybody. That’s what’s so shocking.”Thalasinos said she had heard that before the shooting there may have been an argument at the party. She described her husband as very outspoken about Islamic terrorism, with strong conservative politics.“I’m sure that he went down fighting and protecting people,” she said.Thalasinos’ last public Facebook post, written just hours before the shooting, mentioned receiving a threatening message related to Israel.—Hailey Branson-PottsCourtesy of George VelascoInjury: FatalGender: FemaleHometown: FontanaOccupation: Health inspectorPermalinkTo her family, Yvette Velasco embodied intelligence and ambition.One of Robert and Marie Velasco’s four daughters, the 27-year-old was “full of life and loved by all who knew her,” according to a statement issued by her family.To John Velasco, Yvette’s younger cousin, she was an important influence. When he was looking to choose a career after high school, he asked her for guidance.“She said to go for what I would love to do,” he said. “Go for what you what will make you happy and not for money.”He took took her advice seriously and today he is a pastry chef.“She was a giving person,” he said. “By helping out people who needed it.”Since 2014, the Fontana native had worked as an environmental health specialist for the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health, according to public records.Yvette’s sudden death has stunned her loved ones.“We are devastated about what happened,” the family statement said, “and are still processing this nightmare.”Read more:San Bernardino shooting victim Yvette Velasco remembered as a ‘guiding light’—Ben Welsh,Louis SahagunandMatt HamiltonCourtesy of the familyInjury: FatalGender: MaleHometown: Lake ArrowheadOccupation: Supervising environmental health specialistMarital status: MarriedChildren: 6PermalinkAround Lake Arrowhead, Mike Wetzel was a frequent sight, running errands with his six children in tow, three from his first marriage and three from his second.He loved babies, said family friend Arlene Arenas, 40, and could soothe a colicky infant when no one else could.His first year coaching local AYSO soccer, he led a team of five-year-old girls just learning the sport. Their team had a princess theme.“He was super tall, and the littlest of girls thought he was a giant,” said Arenas, whose daughter played on the team. “He had no qualms about letting them follow him around, or walking around like a monster, with the little ones shrieking and hanging off his legs.”Wetzel graduated from Rim of the World High School in Twin Peaks, Calif., in 1996.Last summer, Arenas said she watched Wetzel and his wife, Renee, hold their baby and dance at a summer concert in Lake Arrowhead Village.“We took those small moments for granted, "" she said.In a post on Facebook on Wednesday, his wife had asked for prayers. “My husband was in the meeting where the shooting happened, "" she wrote. “I have not been able to get in touch with him. Please please pray that he is OK.”Note: Friends of the family have created afundraising sitefor the Mike Wetzel’s family.—Laura J. NelsonAllen J. Schaben / Los Angeles TimesInjury: Not fatalGender: MaleOccupation: Food inspectorPermalinkPatrick Baccari got up from his table to use the restroom. He had been there for three hours at a holiday training meeting for San Bernardino County food inspectors.It was just before 11 a.m., before a Christmas luncheon was to begin.Baccari was pulling a paper towel from a dispenser when he heard a blast. A puff of plaster dust rose from the wall and shards of the dispenser flew into his face.He turned to the other men in the bathroom, who looked at him as if he had caused the commotion.Blood ran into his eyes. Then he saw a hole in the wall.“Get down! Get down! Get down!” he yelled.Bullets ripped into the towel dispenser, sending shrapnel into his face, blood spilling into his eyes. The rounds pocked the walls as he dove for cover onto the floor. He and another man pushed the door closed with their legs and waited for police arrive.Read more »—Jack Dolan,Paul PringleandStephen CeasarCourtesy of familyInjury: Not fatalGender: FemalePermalinkAmanda Gaspard, an environmental health specialist, had agreed to serve as the emcee for the Department of Public Health’s Christmas party.When the shooters entered the conference room where the party was being held, Gaspard dropped to the floor and hid under a table, her parents said. Then she closed her eyes and lay motionless.After firing multiple rounds, the assailants came toward Gaspard and shot her.“Even while Amanda was lying there bleeding, she was holding [a co-worker’s] hand and praying to God with her,” Ken and Diane Gaspard said in a statement.“They stood over her and could have easily shot her in the head,” they said. “We are so grateful to God that they shot her in the leg and arm instead.”Gaspard was shot in the lower arm, upper thigh and knee, among other parts of her body. She has more than 20 shrapnel wounds.After surgery, she learned from TV news that one of the shooters was her co-worker.She is in a lot of pain, and faces a long recovery, her parents said.—Matt HamiltonMarcus YamInjury: Not fatalGender: MaleOccupation: Police officerPermalinkThe final shootout took place about three miles from the Inland Regional Center. There, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Deputy Shaun Wallen exchanged gunfire with the attackers.As he did, San Bernardino city police Officer Nicholas Koahou got out of his vehicle to give Wallen cover and was hit in the left thigh. It felt as if he had been punched in the leg, he said.Falling to the ground, Koahou said he heard the gun battle rage as more than 400 shots were exchanged.“At some point, you just stop hearing your shots, he said. “It was overwhelming.”Read more »—Richard WintonInjury: Not fatalGender: FemaleOccupation: Environmental Health SpecialistMarital status: MarriedChildren: 3PermalinkShot three times and now released from the hospital, Anies Kondoker, 42, must now grapple with the death of 14 of her co-workers — her close friends.“She’s recovering very well, but still going through emotional trauma,” said her husband of 17 years, Salihin. They have three kids - ages 3, 13 and 16.Kondoker was shot in the right arm, left arm and in the stomach. She had been walking from the bathroom into the meeting room, when “bullets started flying,” her husband said.“Two bullets flew over her head, missed her head,” he said.He said that she was shocked to learn from him the identity of the shooter: Anies’ shy, quiet colleague Syed Rizwan Farook.Until two years ago, Farook, who grew up in Riverside, attended the mosque where the Kondokers have prayed since they were married, the Islamic Center of Riverside.Her mind races with thoughts of returning to work. Most painful is the thought of being there without her best friend, Tin Nguyen, who was killed.She “keeps on thinking, how is she going to see the office, the empty office, empty cubicles?”Read more »— Soumya KarlamanglaInjury: Not fatalGender: MaleMarital status: MarriedPermalinkKevin Ortiz, a county environmental inspector, was shot twice in the leg and once in the shoulder.Amid the chaos, the 24-year-old managed to call his wife of two weeks and father to tell them he was alive.“Kevin said he had been shot three times and that he was in pain but he was all right,” Dyana Ortiz, 23, said. “Then he said, ‘I love you,’ and I said, ‘I love you.’”Seconds later, the phone call ended.Ortiz’s family was not surprised he had found the ability to make these crucial phone calls.“That’s Kevin; he’s a fighter,” his brother David Ortiz said. “Through him, the Ortizes get to shine again.”Read more »—Louis SahagunAssociated PressInjury: Not fatalGender: FemalePermalinkAs bullets rained down, Denise Peraza, 27, felt the arm of her male coworker, Shannon Johnson, 45, wrap around her.More than 65 bullets were fired across the conference room, and Peraza and Johnson huddled under a table, using a fallen chair as a shield.“I got you,” Johnson told Peraza.It would be the last thing he said. Johnson died, but Peraza, shot once in the lower back, survived.Peraza has told friends and family members that the doors of a conference room had opened and two people dressed all in black wearing black face masks entered with “big ol’ guns” and started shooting randomly.“The guys opened fire for 30 seconds, randomly, then paused to reload and began firing again,” she said.After she was shot, the shooters were gone, and everything was silent for five minutes. Then suddenly, the doors were pushed opened again, but this time, it was law enforcement officers. Lots of them, and they yelled out: “Anyone who can move, leave immediately and find cover behind vehicles.”Peraza said they were then helped into the beds of pickups and taken to a safer location.“While I cannot recall every single second that played out that morning, I will always remember his left arm wrapped around me, holding me as close as possible next to him behind that chair,” Peraza said in a statement.“I believe I am still here today because of this amazing man. This amazing, selfless man,” she said.Read more »—Louis SahagunInjury: Not fatalGender: FemaleOccupation: Environmental technicianPermalinkJennifer Stevens was shot in the stomach during Wednesday’s attack, but is in stable condition after surgery, according to a fundraising page created by a family friend.She was hired last month as an environmental technician for the County of San Bernardino, according to her LinkedIn page.Stevens attended Redondo Union High School in Redondo Beach, and graduated from UC Riverside this spring, a university spokesman said. She previously worked as an instructor at a surf camp for adults and children.—Laura J. NelsonInjury: Not fatalGender: FemaleOccupation: Health inspectorPermalinkJulie Swann-Paez, a health department inspector, went to the department’s holiday party with high expectations. She was set to receive an Employee of the Year award and spend time with colleagues.Instead her family got a horrifying text message. “Love you guys. Was shot.”Attached to the message, sent around 11:20 a.m., was a photo of her face as she lay on the floor.“I thought she was dead,” said her son Nick Paez, 26.When they finally tracked her down, they learned she had been shot once in the upper thigh and once in the abdomen and needed surgery.A bullet shattered her pelvis, her children said.The family waited for hours to see her, but she was in a post-surgery recovery room. Doctors let them into the room for about five minutes around 10 p.m.“They think it’s your co-worker,” Nick Paez remembered telling his mother.“That doesn’t make sense,” she replied. “They were congratulating him for having a baby.”Read more »—Sarah ParviniThe perils of parenting through a pandemicWhat’s going on with school? What do kids need? Get 8 to 3, a newsletter dedicated to the questions that keep California families up at night.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Subscribers Are ReadingCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCAccepted students are in the power position this month as competitive colleges try to impress them to say yes in a year of record applications to the University of California and other elite schools.More CoverageCompany TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’Company TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’The email lands at a sensitive time for the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn., which has come under pressure for not having any Black members as well as allegations of ethical and financial lapses raised in a Times investigation.Housing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planThe mayor’s proposed budget, set for release Tuesday, comes at a moment of heightened frustration over the city’s handling of homelessness.Entertainment & ArtsFeeling the chill, Demi Lovato apologizes for blasting an L.A. frozen-yogurt shopEntertainment & ArtsFeeling the chill, Demi Lovato apologizes for blasting an L.A. frozen-yogurt shopSinger Demi Lovato slammed L.A. fro-yo shop the Bigg Chill for what she called promoting toxic diet culture. The store, and its many fans, hit back.Coronavirus, Vaccines and PandemicWorld & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19World & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19The State Department is urging Americans not to travel to most places overseas because of the risks from the COVID-19 pandemic.CaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesCaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesWith five new additions, 38 of California’s 58 counties are now in the orange tier. Three are in the final yellow tier, 17 remain in the red tier.More CoverageCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterNew COVID-19 vaccination clinics at the Palmdale and Lancaster Metrolink stations will offer free shots with no appointments required.ArchivesTracking reopeningsArchivesTracking reopeningsLatest on vaccines and pandemicLatest on vaccines and pandemicCoronavirus and COVID-19 pandemic and health news.Latest CaliforniaCaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesCaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesThe LAPD issues a moratorium on using certain projectile weapons at protests after a federal judge rules for Black Lives Matter L.A. and other groups.MusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againMusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againStarting in May, School of Rock students have the option to return to live learning. “I miss playing on stage with my band,” says 12-year-old Daniel.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.Mayor Eric Garcetti included a $24-million Basic Income Guaranteed program in his city budget to be released Tuesday.CaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationCaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationU.S. water officials are projecting that man-made lakes will fall to historically low levels and trigger an official shortage declaration for the first time.CaliforniaAs underserved areas grapple with vaccine inequities, Sean Penn’s nonprofit joins effort to get doses to residentsCaliforniaAs underserved areas grapple with vaccine inequities, Sean Penn’s nonprofit joins effort to get doses to residentsCORE, co-founded by Sean Penn, has launched a campaign to increase shots in communities of color hit hard by the pandemic.More CoverageSubscribe for unlimited accessFollow Us"
135,20,455394,"November 29, 2015",Illinois,Kankakee,648 E Court St,0,5,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2015/11/29/five-shot-during-party-at-kankakee-banquet-hall/,"(CBS)— Five people were shot at a party at a Kankakee banquet hall early Sunday morning, according to Kankakee Police.Police responded to a report of shots fired at Guzman’s Sports Banquet Hall in the 600 block of E. Court St. and encountered a large group of people fleeing the building.Officers located one person inside who had been shot and after assisting in first aid, the victim was transported to the hospital by the Kankakee Fire Department. Four other victims were located at area hospitals who left before officers arrived at the banquet hall. Two of the wounded were listed in serious but stable condition and the other three were in fair to good condition.The banquet hall was rented for a family reunion, but police say it was a party featuring entertainers that was charging for admission. Approximately 80-100 people were inside at the time of the shooting, police said.Police say that they have identified at least two guns at the party after reviewing surveillance footage."
136,21,454059,"November 27, 2015",Colorado,Colorado Springs,3480 Centennial Blvd,3,9,http://www.businessinsider.com/ozy-licano-shot-during-the-planned-parenthood-rampage-in-colorado-springs-2015-11,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation.SubscriberAccount activesinceFree subscriber-exclusive audiobook!“No Rules Rules: Netflix and the Culture of Reinvention”Get it now on Libro.fm using the button below.One person caught in thegunfire that erupted at a Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado Springssays what happened ""is not right.""In a Reuters interview, Ozy Licano tearfully recalled what happened when he found himself face-to-face with the alleged gunman.""Five seconds we stared at each other, and in that five-second period those bullet holes went right through my windshield,"" Licano said to reporters.""I just started getting away and I heard him shooting some more at me ... at the time, I wasn't scared, I was more angry."" Licano said he was worried about others who were injured during the ordeal.Two civiliansand one police officerwere killed Friday during the shootout that began at the Planned Parenthood center. Five more officers and four other civilians were injured, but were listed in good condition.Police arrestedthe suspected shooter, Robert Lewis Dear, after a standoff that lasted five hours. Dear is being held without bond at theEl Paso County Criminal Justice Center. He's expected to face charges in court on Monday."
137,22,455684,"November 27, 2015",California,Sacramento,7900 block of Florin Road,2,2,http://www.kcra.com/news/two-dead-two-injured-in-sacramento-restaurant-shooting/36680932,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Two men were killed and two others were hurt after a gunfight broke out early Friday morning at a South Sacramento restaurant, according to the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department.Deputies went to the Vientiane Cafe in the 7900 block of Florin Road about 1:15 a.m. after a security guard reported multiple shots fired.Two men were found dead in the parking lot near a planter box and another victim was found inside the cafe, according to sheriff's spokesman Tony Turnbull.Another man was taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries, deputies said.Turnbull said the fourth victim suffered minor injuries.Witnesses told investigators there was a fight between two groups in the cafe leading up to the shooting.Gang detectives are assisting with the investigation and the shooting may be gang-related.More than 30 evidence markers were strewn across the parking lot, which is shut down while crime scene investigators documented the incident and collect evidence.Seven men were detained by investigators and questioned at the scene, but no arrests have been made, deputies said.Stay with KCRA and KCRA.com for more information.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
138,27,451338,"November 22, 2015",Washington,Seattle,Broadway and Pike,0,4,http://www.seattlepi.com/local/crime/article/Police-Felon-tied-to-Capitol-Hill-mass-shooting-6741019.php,"A Seattle-area felon linked by police to a shooting in the city that injured five now faces federal gun charges.Investigators contend Deonte Rasul-Chiono was carrying a .32 cal. pistol when he was arrested by a fugitive apprehension taskforce in late 2015. Rasul-Chiono, 23, has not been accused in the November shooting in Seattle.Initially charged in state court, Rasul-Chiono now faces federal prosecution. A three-time convicted felon, he is prohibited from possessing firearms.Just after 1 a.m. on Nov. 22, gunfire erupted near the intersection of Harvard Avenue and East Pike Street in Seattle’s Capitol Hill neighborhood. Five people were shot, though none received life-threatening wounds.Seattle Mayor Ed Murray met with workers who were near the shooting the following day.""This is a vibrant neighborhood and it's also a safe neighborhood,” he said at the time. “It's actually my neighborhood.""Deonte Rasul-Chiono, pictured in a Department of Corrections photo.Witnesses told police a silver Mazda sedan was involved in the shooting, according to charging papers. Surveillance video confirmed that claim, a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special agent said in charging papers, and Rasul-Chiono was soon identified as a person of interest in the shooting.Ten days later, a law enforcement taskforce began planning to arrest Rasul-Chiono and a second man. Both were convicted felons under Department of Corrections supervision linked to recent shootings in and around Seattle.“Both (the other man) and Rasul-Chiono are believed to belong to the same gang and are known associates,” the ATF agent said in charging papers, noting that both have been arrested previously carrying guns.Investigators looking for Rasul-Chiono stopped the Mazda after it left a Burien apartment complex. Police seized the car during that Dec. 2 stop but released Rasul-Chiono.The second man, who does not appear to have been charged, was arrested the following day in Federal Way. Rasul-Chiono was waiting to meet him and was also stopped by police.According to charging papers, an officer frisking Rasul-Chiono found a pistol in his pants pocket. Investigators contend the pistol was loaded at the time.Writing the court, a Seattle police officer said Rasul-Chiono asked officers if “his case was going federal” during the ride to jail. He was told it likely would.Rasul-Chiono, who is also known as Deote Rasul-Chiona, was convicted of assault following a 2012 shooting. That Sept. 27, 2012 incident was the latest in a string of gun crimes committed by the young man.A month after his 20thbirthday, Rasul-Chiono opened fire on man working at an Auburn Jack in the Box. Rasul-Chiono shot at the drive-thru worker after the man complained about the volume Rasul-Chiono’s car stereo.That shooting resulted in a felony assault conviction, Rasul-Chiono’s second, and a three-year prison sentence.Rasul-Chiono served jail time for gun possession after being implicated in a 2011 shooting that saw a bystander’s car window shot out as she passed Rasul-Chiono. Police claimed at the time that Rasul-Chiono was seen leaving the scene while holding a gun to a young woman’s neck.Though not convicted in the assault, Rasul-Chiono admitted to unlawfully possessing a gun. He lost his gun rights as a child following a theft, and had been again ordered not to possess firearms following a 2010 incident in which he was convicted of assault after stomping on a man’s head during a fight.Rasul-Chiono was transferred to federal custody Monday. He is charged with unlawful gun possession in U.S. District Court at Seattle.Seattlepi.com reporter Levi Pulkkinen can be reached at 206-448-8348 orlevipulkkinen@seattlepi.com. Follow Levi on Twitter attwitter.com/levipulk.Levi is a reporter for seattlepi.com"
139,28,451305,"November 22, 2015",New York,Newburgh,203 Broadway,0,5,http://www.recordonline.com/article/20151123/NEWS/151129781,"CITY OF NEWBURGH – Five people were shot at a Broadway bar early Sunday morning.City police said none of the injuries were considered life-threatening.Police said they responded to a report of a shooting at the Oasis bar at 4:40 a.m. Sunday. When they arrived, they found one victim of a gunshot wound to the leg inside. The victim, who was not identified, was taken to the Newburgh campus of St. Luke's Cornwall Hospital for treatment.Police learned there also were four other victims of gunshot wounds already at the hospital.No arrests have been made. The investigation is continuing, and police said no further details will be released at this time. Anyone with information about the shootings is asked to call police at 561-3131.CITY OF NEWBURGH – Five people were shot at a Broadway bar early Sunday morning.City police said none of the injuries were considered life-threatening.Police said they responded to a report of a shooting at the Oasis bar at 4:40 a.m. Sunday. When they arrived, they found one victim of a gunshot wound to the leg inside. The victim, who was not identified, was taken to the Newburgh campus of St. Luke's Cornwall Hospital for treatment.Police learned there also were four other victims of gunshot wounds already at the hospital.No arrests have been made. The investigation is continuing, and police said no further details will be released at this time. Anyone with information about the shootings is asked to call police at 561-3131.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.recordonline.com  ~ 40 Mulberry St., Middletown, NY 10940~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
140,31,451495,"November 22, 2015",Louisiana,New Orleans,1900 block of Gallier St,0,17,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2017/02/another_guilty_plea_leaves_1_d.html#incart_river_index,"Bunny Friend Park suspects.jpgTen suspects indicted in connection with the November 2015 mass shooting at Bunny Friend Park include, from left, (top row) Michael 'Mack' Allen, Quendrick 'C-4' Bailey, Wilfred 'Lil Wifred' Celestine, Eddie 'Eazy' Copelin, Malik 'Leaky' Johnson, (bottom row) Allen 'Snoop' Offray, Shawn 'Shooter' Ruffin, Dominic Savoy, Lawrence 'L' Veals and Rashad 'KMG Ezzy' Walker.(Courtesy of Orleans Parish Sheriff's Office)The Bunny Friend Park mass shooting case has moved closer to conclusion, as the ninth of 10 indicted defendants pleaded guilty before a New Orleans judge this week.Wilfred ""Lil' Wilfred"" Celestine, 21, pleaded guilty Tuesday (Jan. 31) to a reduced charge of reckless discharge of a firearm at a parade or demonstration, court records show. The statute relates to the reckless or criminally negligent discharge of a firearm within 1,000 feet of any parade, demonstration or gathering for which a permit is issued by a governmental entity.Criminal District Judge Robin Pittman sentenced Celestine to eight years in prison, the fourth-longest term yet imposed in the case of the gang-related shootout that left 17 people wounded in the Upper 9th Ward park Nov. 22, 2015. New Orleans police said several hundred people were in the park when gunfire erupted during the illegal filming of a music video at the park.Celestine faced 10 to 20 years had he been convicted as charged of firing a weapon during a violent crime. The amended charge to which he agreed to plead guilty carried a penalty ranging from 5 to 15 years. The eight-year sentence contained within the state's plea agreement, approved by Pittman, requires Celestine to serve the first three years without the possibility of probation or parole. He will be credited with time served since his December 2015 arrest.Celestine's plea leaves Michael ""Mack"" Allen as the last of 10 indicted defendants awaiting trial in the case. Allen, represented by defense attorney John Fuller, is accused of discharging a weapon during a crime of violence and illegal possession of a firearm by a felon, each punishable by 10 to 20 years upon conviction.Allen, 30, is scheduled to stand trial March 7.Celestine joins eight co-defendants who previously entered guilty pleas in the case. They include:Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
141,32,451057,"November 21, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,Stricker and School,1,3,http://baltimore.cbslocal.com/2015/11/21/multiple-people-reportedly-shot-in-baltimore/,"BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Police are investigating after a shooting on Stricker and School Streets leaves one person dead on Saturday morning.Four people were shot, one fatally. A 26-year-old was injured, as well as a 14-year-old and a 15-year-old.The three injured do not have life-threatening injuries.A 28-year-old has died of his injuries. He has not been identified. He is the city’s 309th homicide of the year.“The motive is foolishness,” said TJ Smith. “They are stone cold killers and we have to do something about it.”Police have also blocked off a portion of Baker and Gilmor streets.If you have any information, please call police. TJ Smith asked families to hold people accountable, saying people know when those in their family are breaking the law.The shooting was in the neighborhood where Freddie Gray lived.Stay withWJZfor the latest on this developing story."
142,36,448419,"November 15, 2015",Texas,Tennessee Colony,800 block of An County Rd 2217,5,0,http://www.pressherald.com/2017/11/08/man-found-guilty-of-killing-former-maine-resident-at-texas-campground/,"Sign inorSubscribeSee OffersA former Farmington resident who retired to Texas with his wife was murdered along with 5 members of his family in 2015.BRYAN, Texas — A man was convicted of capital murder this week in the slayings of six people – including two from Farmington, Maine, and a 6-year-old boy – at a remote Texas campsite in 2015.A Brazos County jury found William Hudson, 35, guilty Tuesday on three counts of capital murder for his role in killing former 77-year-old University of Maine at Farmington professor Carl Johnson, 40-year-old Hannah Johnson, a Mt. Blue High School and UMaine graduate, and four members of their extended family.In addition to Carl Johnson and his daughter, Hannah Johnson’s 6-year-old son, Kade Johnson, Hannah’s boyfriend, Thomas Kamp, and Kamp’s two adult sons, Austin and Nathan Kamp, were killed.Both Carl and his daughter, Hannah, were found shot to death in a camper trailer on property Thomas and Hannah bought from Hudson’s father. The bodies of the other four were found in a pond near Hudson’s property, investigators said.Carl Johnson’s wife, Cynthia, also a retired UMF employee, escaped and hid in the woods until she could call 911 to report the shootings, investigators said in the days after the slayings.Prosecutors said Hudson resented the sale of the property and killed the six after plying the adults with alcohol.Hudson’s attorney didn’t call witnesses at the trial.The jury was hearing punishment testimony Wednesday. Hudson faces life in prison with no chance of parole or death by lethal injection.According to a police affidavit, Cynthia Johnson told investigators that on the day of the killing, a man riding an orange tractor approached the family and later helped them pull a vehicle from the mud. He identified himself as “William.”He returned later to socialize and had drinks with the family.“He later accompanied several family members into the surrounding woods,” the affidavit states, “after which Cynthia Johnson heard multiple gunshots.”Hudson returned to the campsite alone, and chased Carl and Hannah Johnson into a camper trailer. Cynthia Johnson told police she heard two more gunshots, according to the court document.She saw her husband, Carl, collapse on the camper steps after having been shot by the man later identified as Hudson.“Cynthia Johnson continued to hide, hearing multiple gunshots, and remained in hiding until she felt it was safe to move,” the affidavit states.Once she was able to alert police, a search for Hudson began. Police said when they found Hudson in nearby Tennessee Colony they also found his blood-stained tractor. Hudson also had blood stains on him.In the days after the killings, the Farmington community expressed shock over the loss of the Johnson family.At Hudson’s trial, Anderson County District Attorney Allyson Mitchell said the case was unusual because it had a survivor and security footage.The footage is from cameras outside Hudson’s mother’s home. While the footage doesn’t show the slayings, Mitchell said it corroborates Cynthia Johnson’s account of the events and provides enough proof of Hudson’s guilt.Comments are not available on this story.Send questions/commentsto the editors.Sign up and get all the top stories to begin the day delivered at 5 a.m."
143,37,448286,"November 15, 2015",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,5600 block of Blakemore St,0,4,http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Philadelphia-Chinese-Restaurant-Shooting-Gunman-350246221.html,"Four people are recovering after a shooting outside a Chinese restaurant.The victims were outside the restaurant along the 5600 block of Blakemore Street Sunday night when an unidentified gunman opened fire before fleeing the scene.All four victims were struck though none of their injuries were life-threatening, according to officials.Breaking news and the stories that matter to your neighborhood.No arrests have been made."
144,40,444458,"November 9, 2015",Indiana,Indianapolis,400 block of North Beville Ave,2,2,http://fox59.com/2016/04/14/man-found-guilty-of-murdering-two-men-during-dice-game/,"Fox 59by:Kyle Hicks - Digital ProducerDavid SandersINDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (April 14, 2016) – On Thursday, a man was found guilty of murdering two men during adice game in Nov. 2015.The man, David Sanders, 26, was also found guilty of one count of robbery resulting in serious bodily injury, one count of attempted robbery resulting in serious bodily injury, and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm by a serious felon.Dontae Shields, 26,was facing the same chargesbut he was found not guilty on all counts.Clarence Sanders, 52, faced all of the same charges as well, except for the firearm possession charge. He was also found not guilty on all counts.According to court documents, a group of men got into an argument while playing dice. The three suspects got angry and started shooting at the other men. The suspects then stole all the money from the dice game.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.INDIANAPOLIS -- Health experts are seeing a decline in vaccinations nationwide. At one point many were rushing to schedule appointments but that’s no longer the case in some areas.“What we’re seeing is interest in the vaccine is weaning a little bit across the state,” said Regenstrief Institute, Director of Public Health and Informatic, Dr. Brian Dixion.INDIANAPOLIS-- The community continues to heal from the mass shooting at the FedEx ground facility.“Violence in general, and the trauma that comes from violence has lasting and significant effects on everyone,” said David Berman, with Mental Health America of Indiana. “Anyone who goes through an event like that is going to have some post-traumatic stress”MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
145,41,443821,"November 8, 2015",Iowa,Des Moines,4397 NW 6th Drive,1,3,http://www.ketv.com/news/man-arrested-in-fatal-des-moines-nightclub-shooting/39517370,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.A 27-year-old man is facing weapons charges in connection with a fatal shooting outside a nightclub just north of Des Moines.The Polk County Sherriff's Office says Thursday that Mykael Maggett was arrested April 25 on charges of assault and intimidation with a dangerous weapon.Detectives determined multiple shooters were in the area during the Nov. 8 shooting that killed 22-year-old Dashwan Smith and wounded three others outside Evolution Nightclub.Officials say Maggett was identified on surveillance video as discharging a handgun into a crowd.He posted bond and was released from jail. A phone listing for Maggett couldn't be located, and his attorney didn't immediately return a message Thursday.Sgt. Brandon Bracelin says no one has been charged with killing Smith. Police are looking for several witnesses.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
146,45,441681,"November 3, 2015",Florida,Jacksonville,Ella Street and Kings Road,2,3,http://www.news4jax.com/news/police-identify-man-killed-in-driveby-in-nw-jax/36253734,"Scott Johnson, Reporter/weekend anchorScott Johnson, Reporter/weekend anchorJACKSONVILLE, Fla.– Police continue to search for the shooter in a drive-by shooting from Tuesday night after they found another body in a ditch along West 10th Street Wednesday afternoon that they said is a result of the shooting that killed an 18-year-old, 19-year-old and left three other men hospitalized.Officials said the intense rainfall the night of the shooting was so severe that the body found Wednesday was hidden by water.The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said Tuesday's shooting occurred just before 6 p.m. on Ella Street, near Kings Road. Police identified the man killed as Anthony Ray, whose body was also found in a ditch. They have not named the other three victims, who had non-life-threatening injuries.Police identified the body found Wednesday as Trayvon Deshay Lundy, 19. They said heavy rain while they were gathering evidence Tuesday night made it difficult to spot the body.Lundy's body was also found in the ditch along West 10th Street.According to detectives, Wednesday's shooting followed some sort of argument between the men and whoever was in the car.Police said they did not know how many men were in the car, but said they think there was more than one person.JSO is searching for the car, which they described as a red Toyota Camry with a blue front passenger door.Anthony Ray's father said his family was devastated by what happened.""This is outrageous for me, very outrageous. I don't know how to feel right now. It's more shocking than anything,"" said Roy Ray.Ray said his son was a good son but he couldn't speak for what type of activity he may have been involved in.One of the men shot Tuesday night is out of the hospital. He told News4Jax he was shot in the neck and should make a complete recovery.News4Jax Crime and Safety Analyst, Gil Smith, said that police will now use what information they've been able to get out of the surviving victims but said it may not be a lot.""The survivors may not be cooperative, they may not be giving information because they may fear for their lives. With these people being so young, 18 to 19 years old, there's a strong likelihood it may be gang-involved. We don't know that for sure, but in these types of situations where you have this type of a shooting and they're that young, it usually involves gang members,"" Smith said.Anyone with information on the shooting or the location of the car is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 866-845-TIPS. Callers can remain anonymous and could be receive a reward of up to $3,000.Copyright 2015 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Specializes in Clay County issues, general assignment reporting and stories off the beaten path and anchors weekend evening newscasts.If you need help with WJXT’s or WCWJ's FCC public inspection file, call (904) 393-9801."
147,46,440743,"November 2, 2015",South Carolina,Pendleton,2217 Refuge Road,4,0,https://www.greenvilleonline.com/story/news/crime/2015/11/03/anderson-county-sheriffs-office-4-adults-murdered/75091588/,"The Anderson County Sheriff's Office is investigating the deaths of four adults as a quadruple murder, Lt. Sheila Cole said Tuesday.Mike Scott, 58, and wife Cathy Scott, 60, and their mothers, 80-year-old Barbara Scott and 82-year-old Violet Taylor, were found dead Monday afternoon at their home on Refuge Road in Anderson County, the Coroner's Office said.The manner of death was ruled homicide for each decedent and the cause of death was gunshot wound in each case, Coroner Greg Shore said Tuesday. Cathy Scott's daughter called 911 after she found Mike Scott and the mothers dead in a den and Barbara Scott in a bedroom, Shore said.No arrests have been reported. No weapon was found at the scene, Shore said. Forensic investigators on Tuesday returned to the scene to look for additional evidence, Cole said.Anyone with information about the case is asked to contact the Sheriff's Office at 260-4400 or Crime Stoppers at 888-CRIME-SC.The Scotts and their mothers were last seen alive at their home Saturday, Shore said. One of Cathy Scott's brothers went to the home about 3:30 p.m. Sunday and no one came to the door, Shore said.""I feel like it happened some time Sunday, early afternoon,"" Shore said of the fatal shootings.There were no signs of forced entry into the home, Shore said. All of their vehicles were accounted for, he said.Mike Scott worked for the South Carolina Department of Transportation, Shore said, and went to Columbia to assist during severe flooding last month. Cathy Scott did not work but cared for the couple's elderly mothers, the Coroner's Office said.Mike Scott talked to his boss Sunday via text message, Shore said. Scott told his employer that he planned to be at work Monday after taking annual leave days late last week, Shore said.The Scotts and their mothers were the only four people who lived at the home, Shore said.Cathy Scott is survived by a daughter, who recently was married and lives at a home on the same property, Shore said. Violet Taylor, Cathy Scott's mother, was the mother of two daughters and two sons, Shore said."
148,47,438651,"October 28, 2015",Louisiana,Houma,400 block of Morgan Street,1,3,http://www.houmatoday.com/news/20170104/fifteen-local-murder-cases-set-for-trial-this-year,"Fifteen murder cases are set for trial this year in Terrebonne, Lafourche and Assumption parishes, though dates are all subject to change.A first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without the possibility of probation, parole or suspension of sentence. Prosecutors may also seek the death penalty.The only penalty for second-degree murder is life in prison without the possibility of probation, parole or suspension of sentence.A principal, or accomplice, can face the same penalty even if he doesn’t directly commit the murder. An accessory after the fact – someone who helps an offender after a felony with the intent that he’ll avoid criminal consequences – can face up to five years in prison.This list does not include manslaughter, vehicular homicide or negligent homicide cases nor any murder cases not yet set for trial.TERREBONNEKyle Cedotal, 31; Joshua Babin, 22; and Tiffany Dardar, 32, are set for trial Jan. 9. Cedotal is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting of Robert Swan, 24, while Dardar is charged as a principal and Babin is charged as an accessory after the fact. Swan’s body was found Oct. 7, 2015, in a car in a Gibson driveway. Investigators believe the murder was drug-related.
Simon Quinn, 47, is set for trial Jan. 9. He is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Robbie Coulon, 46, whose body was found May 14, 2015, in a Cocodrie waterway. An autopsy showed the cause of death was asphyxiation. Authorities said Quinn and Coulon were close associates but had gotten into an argument.
Anthony Sylvester, 27; Elward Williams, 23; and Maurice Banks, 25, are set for trial Jan. 9 in an Oct. 28, 2015, quadruple shooting on Morgan Street in Houma that left Corey Butler, 18, dead. Sylvester and Williams are charged with second-degree murder, and Banks is charged as a principal to the crime.
Shantelle White, 28, is set for trial Jan. 9, and Charles Hammonds III, 19, is set for trial March 20. They are charged with second-degree murder in the heroin overdose of Christy Hurst, 35, whose body was found Dec. 3, 2015, inside in a room at the Economy Inn in Houma.
Zamante Alvis, 15, and Denzel Brown, 17, are set for trial Jan. 17. They are charged with second-degree murder and being tried as adults in the July 10 shooting of Roderick Davis Jr., 17, in Scott Lane Park in Houma. Investigators said an argument started after Davis and the suspects entered the park.
Ahmad Lawson, 26, and Joshua Swan, 24, are set for trial Jan. 17. They are charged with second-degree murder in an Oct. 21, 2015, double shooting that killed Willie Hart Jr., 36, on Roselawn Avenue in Houma.
Terrance Moore, 31; Michael Scott, 39; and Sophia Smith, 28, are set for trial Jan. 17 in the Nov. 11, 2015, shooting of Ernest Sims, 38, outside his Ashland North home. Moore is charged with second-degree murder, while Scott and Smith are charged as accessories after the fact.
Treyvance Fanguy, 21, is set for trial Feb. 21. He is charged with second-degree murder in the Aug. 8, 2013, shooting of Vincent Naquin, 20, at Naquin's residence on Louise Street in Houma. Authorities said Naquin sold marijuana out of his home and that the killing occurred during a botched armed robbery.
Jalen Francis, 22, is set for trial Feb. 21. He is charged with first-degree murder in the Dec. 18, 2013, shooting of Elizabeth Davis, 25, during what authorities said was a drug deal in the Smithridge community.
Kenny Veal, 28, is set for trial Feb. 21. He is charged with second-degree murder in the June 13, 2015, shooting of Roosevelt Stewart, 68, on North Bayou Black Drive in Gibson.
Brandon Robinson, 20; Tyren Joseph, 21; and Cyrus Carter, 19, are set for trial March 1 in the shooting of Kardale Johnson, 21, whose body was found Jan. 17 inside a car in a field off of Payne Street in Houma. Robinson is charged with first-degree murder, Joseph is charged with second-degree murder, and Carter is charged as an accessory after the fact. Authorities said the killing was drug-related.
Davonta Verret, 19, is set for trial March 1. He is charged with second-degree murder in the Dec. 4, 2015, shooting of Davonte Maryland, 21, during a dice game at a Houma trailer park.
Joshua Calloway, 26, is set for trial April 17. He is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting of Kerry Randolph, 56, whose body was found July 10 inside a pickup truck outside Bottoms Up bar in Houma.
LAFOURCHEToronzo Thompkins, 38, and Traveyon Blackledge, 21, are set for trial Jan. 24. They are charged with second-degree murder in the shootings of Nikki Landry, 41, and Harry Lefort, 54. The victims’ bodies were found Sept. 22, 2013, in Landry’s Larose apartment. Investigators believe Thompkins ordered Blackledge, who is his son, and Jerrard Major, 38, to kill Landry, a police informant set to testify against him in his cocaine distribution trial. Thompkins was convicted of that charge and is serving a life sentence. Major is set for a hearing Jan. 20 on a motion to suppress his police statement.
ASSUMPTIONMatthew Jordan, 28, is set for trial April 5. He is charged with second-degree murder in the Sept. 14, 2014, shooting of Franky Joseph, 33. Authorities say the killing occurred during a fight at the Alexis Sports Bar in Paincourtville.
-- Staff Writer Bridget Mire can be reached at 448-7639 or bridget.mire@dailycomet.com. Follow her on Twitter @bridget_mire.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Houma Today  ~ 3030 Barrow Street, Houma, LA 70360~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
149,49,437323,"October 26, 2015",Indiana,Evansville,711 E Virginia St,0,5,https://www.courierpress.com/story/news/2019/02/19/sidetrack-third-recent-mass-shooting-evansville-bar/2901687002/,"EVANSVILLE, Ind. — Five people were shot Sunday morning in front of Sidetrack Tavern.John E. Perteet, 32, of Evansville, fired six to seven shots in front of the barshortly after 3:15 a.m., according to investigators.He was arrested on preliminary charges including aggravated battery with a firearm, criminal recklessness with a firearm and possession of a firearm by a felon.Perteet's bond was set at $500,000 cash-onlyduring a probable cause hearing Monday morning. He is being held in the Vanderburgh County Jail.Police said they are still looking for a motive and connections.The incident was the third mass shooting near an Evansville bar since 2015. Here are descriptions of the other two from the C&P archives:Oct. 26, 2015Five people were shot near the 711 Tavern on Virginia Street.Among the five people injured were three of the four men accused of trying to rob an apartment, which shares a building with the bar.Investigators said the group was believed to have targeted the apartment because there were drugs and money inside.The four men police say were involved in the robbery were identified as Marquell Jackson, 22; Jarvice Sears, 19; Diego Thomas, 21, and Oneil Bruin, 20. All but Jackson suffered gunshot wounds.The other two men injured, identified as Logan Orth, 22, and Cameron Kendall, 27, allegedly exchanged gunfire with the group on two separate occasions.Orth was one of several people inside the targeted apartment when the group — all of whom reportedly wore masks and were armed — came in and tried to carry out the robbery.None of the other eight people inside that residence were injured. Orth was visiting the apartment and was not a resident there.According to the police affidavit, Orth was shot in the neck and the chest after grabbing a gun and firing at the group during the attempted robbery.Then, as the group was trying to flee the building, police say the men encountered a neighbor who had opened the door and they shot at him.That man — Kendall — grabbed his own weapon and shot back at the group. Kendall's abdominal wound required surgery, according to investigators.Aug. 27, 2017A shooting at American Legion Otis Stone Post 354 killed one person and wounded three.More:Fatal American Legion shooting leads to decades behind bars for Darius BushrodA witness told police Darius Bushrod asked someone for $5, was refused and then got into an argument with 32-year-old Anthony Blaylock, according to a probable cause affidavit filed in the case.People separated the men and took Blaylock to the parking lot. Shortly after, Blaylock and Bushrod confronted each other again and were “face to face” near the building, police wrote in the affidavit.Bushrod allegedly fired at Blaylock while they were close and began backing away, still shooting toward Blaylock.Police say surveillance videos from the American Legion showed a man identified as Bushrod pulling up his arm and moving away from another man with “small flashes” coming from an object Bushrod had in his hand, believed to be a gun.Video also showed several people scattering when the gun was fired, according to the affidavit.Blaylock was taken to Deaconess Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. An autopsy found he died of multiple gunshot wounds.Three more people were also injured in the gunfire.More from C&P:"
150,102,921653,"August 27, 2017",Indiana,Evansville,1127 Chestnut St,1,3,https://www.courierpress.com/story/news/2019/02/19/sidetrack-third-recent-mass-shooting-evansville-bar/2901687002/,"EVANSVILLE, Ind. — Five people were shot Sunday morning in front of Sidetrack Tavern.John E. Perteet, 32, of Evansville, fired six to seven shots in front of the barshortly after 3:15 a.m., according to investigators.He was arrested on preliminary charges including aggravated battery with a firearm, criminal recklessness with a firearm and possession of a firearm by a felon.Perteet's bond was set at $500,000 cash-onlyduring a probable cause hearing Monday morning. He is being held in the Vanderburgh County Jail.Police said they are still looking for a motive and connections.The incident was the third mass shooting near an Evansville bar since 2015. Here are descriptions of the other two from the C&P archives:Oct. 26, 2015Five people were shot near the 711 Tavern on Virginia Street.Among the five people injured were three of the four men accused of trying to rob an apartment, which shares a building with the bar.Investigators said the group was believed to have targeted the apartment because there were drugs and money inside.The four men police say were involved in the robbery were identified as Marquell Jackson, 22; Jarvice Sears, 19; Diego Thomas, 21, and Oneil Bruin, 20. All but Jackson suffered gunshot wounds.The other two men injured, identified as Logan Orth, 22, and Cameron Kendall, 27, allegedly exchanged gunfire with the group on two separate occasions.Orth was one of several people inside the targeted apartment when the group — all of whom reportedly wore masks and were armed — came in and tried to carry out the robbery.None of the other eight people inside that residence were injured. Orth was visiting the apartment and was not a resident there.According to the police affidavit, Orth was shot in the neck and the chest after grabbing a gun and firing at the group during the attempted robbery.Then, as the group was trying to flee the building, police say the men encountered a neighbor who had opened the door and they shot at him.That man — Kendall — grabbed his own weapon and shot back at the group. Kendall's abdominal wound required surgery, according to investigators.Aug. 27, 2017A shooting at American Legion Otis Stone Post 354 killed one person and wounded three.More:Fatal American Legion shooting leads to decades behind bars for Darius BushrodA witness told police Darius Bushrod asked someone for $5, was refused and then got into an argument with 32-year-old Anthony Blaylock, according to a probable cause affidavit filed in the case.People separated the men and took Blaylock to the parking lot. Shortly after, Blaylock and Bushrod confronted each other again and were “face to face” near the building, police wrote in the affidavit.Bushrod allegedly fired at Blaylock while they were close and began backing away, still shooting toward Blaylock.Police say surveillance videos from the American Legion showed a man identified as Bushrod pulling up his arm and moving away from another man with “small flashes” coming from an object Bushrod had in his hand, believed to be a gun.Video also showed several people scattering when the gun was fired, according to the affidavit.Blaylock was taken to Deaconess Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. An autopsy found he died of multiple gunshot wounds.Three more people were also injured in the gunfire.More from C&P:"
151,50,436234,"October 25, 2015",Arizona,Phoenix,Seventh Street and Broadway,1,4,http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/breaking/2015/10/25/two-men-shot-st-lukes-medical-center/74583906/,"One person died and another was seriously wounded in an early morning shooting that left a total of five victims, according to the Phoenix Police Department.Details are still unclear, but Phoenix police said officers responded to a shooting at about 5 a.m. Sunday at King's Club in the area of Broadway Road and 7th Avenue.According to witnesses, police said two individuals, supported by others, had an argument in the nightclub's parking lot when shots were fired. All of the victims were men, whose ages ranged from about 19 to 42 years old, said Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Trent Crump.He said one person was shot to death and a second remains hospitalized in serious condition. Three other victims were injured but sustained non-life-threatening injuries.One victim was taken to a nearby residence, which is now part of the investigation in addition to other vehicles possibly hit in the shooting, according to Crump. Ultimately, all of the victims were taken to three local hospitals.One weapon was recovered at the scene, and Phoenix police have also detained two people as investigative leads.""We are questioning them at this point to determine what their involvement in this was,"" Crump said.As investigators continued to piece together clues Sunday morning, family members and friends began to visit the property attempting to do the same.Earlier reports of the shooting taking place near St. Luke's Medical Center were incorrect."
152,52,436202,"October 25, 2015",North Carolina,Four Oaks,2339 Stricklands Crossroads Road,0,5,http://www.wral.com/five-injured-in-johnston-county-shooting/15014504/,"If you previously used a social network to login to WRAL.com, click the “Forgot your password” link to reset your password.Biden praying for 'the right verdict' in Chauvin trialWhat the pandemic's new normal looks like around the world, according to readersMan killed in Durham shooting was son of retired deputy police chiefWhat the pandemic's new normal looks like around the world, according to readersHow to stay safe from more contagious coronavirus variantsEU agency links J&J shot to rare clots, says odds favor useDuke Institute highlights new '30x30' commitment for revised strategy in handling climate changeSea level rise drowning Eastern NC trees, leaving 'ghost forests,' reducing wildlife habitatFrost possible this week when temperatures plunge into the 30sGold: It's not the playoffs, yet.Bowman denies Hamlin with swift late move at RichmondRoberts homers twice in UNC's 10-9 win at No. 17 PittIt's 4/20. Cannabis stocks are smoking hotChip shortage means people waiting in line for Ford pickupsPackaging firm plans new jobs, $70M investment in Johnston CountyDRAUGHON DRAWS: Springing ahead and falling back at the same timeGARY PEARCE: Roy & Phil's excellent school adventureEditorial: Mike Sprayberry's best at preparing us for the worstCPSC issues warning, troubling video after child gets caught under Peloton Tread+These are the best cars of the yearPreventing scammers on Amazon from accessing your accountHow to stay safe from more contagious coronavirus variantsEU agency links J&J shot to rare clots, says odds favor useNeed a job? NC employers filling hundreds of positions this weekDurham's new selfie museum takes the art of selfie photos to the next levelBlack Restaurant Week starts this weekendBaby Goat Alert: Historic Oak View County Park welcomes Henry and OscarWRAL Evening NewsWake County Board of Education discusses future of Virtual AcademyWRAL WeatherCenter ForecastChauvin verdict expected at 4:30 p.m. Watch it live wherever you stream WRAL.—The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of former police officer Derek Chauvin for his role in the death of George Floyd last year. It is expected to be announced at 4:30 p.m.morePublished: 2015-10-25 08:35:00Updated: 2015-10-25 16:38:58Posted October 25, 2015 8:35 a.m. EDTUpdated October 25, 2015 4:38 p.m. EDTFour Oaks, N.C.— Five people were injured early Sunday morning after a shooting in Johnston County, according to authorities.According to the Johnston County Sheriff's Office, shots rang out at about 2 a.m. at 2339 Stricklands Crossroads Road, near U.S. Highway 701.At least two people were taken to a local hospital and remain in critical condition, authorities said.Authorities on the scene said the situation was ""developing,"" and no arrests have been made.Neighbors who live in the area said that there was a party at the home where the incident occurred and that several people started shooting at about 2 a.m. People who were at the party said that the victims were all men.Copyright 2015 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.©2021  Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc."
153,53,436219,"October 24, 2015",South Carolina,Bamberg,682 Dixie Ave.,0,4,http://thetandd.com/news/local/four-injured-in-pool-hall-shooting/article_a157d613-bf11-57e7-b68b-0c8a9060232c.html,"BAMBERG -- Four people were injured when two men opened fire in a Bamberg pool hall early Saturday. The gunmen are being sought.The incident took place at 1:12 a.m. as Bamberg Police Sgt. Christopher Sandifer was beginning a property check at Richburg’s, the pool hall located at 682 Dixie Ave.“There was an altercation and the officer heard the shots being fired,” Bamberg Police Lt. Regina Gatling said. Sandifer called for backup officers to respond to the scene.It is believed that two shooters were involved and both fled amid the confusion at the scene.Two of the shooting victims underwent surgery at the Regional Medical Center in Orangeburg early Saturday morning.Gatling said one of those victims was shot in the side and received another gunshot wound to the buttocks.The other victim was shot by at least one bullet which struck his side and leg. Gatling said a bullet also went through the victim’s abdomen and exited out the other side.A third victim left the scene prior to the arrival of EMS, Gatling said.He underwent treatment for a gunshot wound to his heel at the Colleton County Medical Center in Walterboro.The fourth victim received a wound to his leg. Gatling said it is not known if it was a gunshot woundOfficers eventually cleared the scene at 4:14 a.m., Gatling said.In the meantime, law enforcement searched for the two gunmen.Subscribe to our Daily Headlines newsletter.Deputies believe two girls – ages 11 and 9 – took turns driving the vehicle that crashed, flipped and caught on fire, killing one of them on S…A 23-year-old Santee woman is accused of conspiring to shoot a suspect in the death of a 14-year-old.A 39-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman were shot around 5 p.m. Saturday in the North area, according to North Police Chief Lin Shirer.An Orangeburg businessman has been charged with 12 counts of failing to pay taxes, file a return and keep records after not reporting millions…An Orangeburg man is accused of breaking into this ex-girlfriend’s home and forcing her to engage in a sex act.Investigators are seeking a Berkeley County woman as a person of interest in a fatal February shooting in Santee, according to Orangeburg Coun…A Neeses man is accused of sexually assaulting a juvenile, according to Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell.Two people were injured in two separate shooting incidents in Orangeburg on Tuesday.Investigators would like to speak with a woman who may be able to assist them in their ongoing probe of a 2020 homicide that occurred in Holly…OrangeburgGet up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
154,55,433146,"October 19, 2015",Illinois,Calumet City,300 Campbell Avenue,0,6,http://www.nwitimes.com/news/local/illinois/update-six-shot-in-drive-by-shooting-in-calumet-city/article_cc0067fe-4eea-5878-8de9-8f6fec2ca9db.html,"CALUMET CITY | The most seriously injured of six people wounded in a drive-by shooting in Calumet City Monday was well enough to speak to police Tuesday.The six were shot at a gathering following a funeral Monday night, according to Police Chief Edward Gilmore.The case is still being actively investigated and police are not releasing any information in regard to possible suspects. The victims' names were also not being released early Tuesday afternoon. He said it is possible some of the victims may have had some gang affiliations.According to Gilmore, one of the victims received a graze wound to the head and others were shot in other parts of the body, including the foot, leg and hand.The most seriously injured was a man shot six times who was transported to Franciscan St. Margaret Health Hospital in Hammond before being airlifted to Stroger Hospital in Chicago. Gilmore said that man's condition was later upgraded from critical to serious and he was able to speak to police.Gilmore said a large group of people were at a home in the 300 block of Campbell Avenue Monday for a gathering called a repast after a funeral. Many of the mourners were gathered outside when someone drove by and fired into the crowd, he said.In addition to the six shooting victims, Gilmore said one person fell and sustained an injured knee, but declined treatment.Get local news delivered to your inbox!WHITING | A woman found dead inside a burning Whiting home early Tuesday has been identified as Sheryl Denise Anderson, 61.HAMMOND | Hammond police opened an investigation Tuesday after four early morning vehicle arsons, officials said.JASPER COUNTY | A 25-year-old rookie state trooper is being treated for serious injuries at a Chicago-area trauma center after an early mornin…LANSING | A Calumet City man and a juvenile were charged last week in connection with vehicle burglaries in Lansing, South Holland and other c…CALUMET CITY | The City Council approved Sept. 24 the purchase of a truck attachment that would be a temporary stop gap until the city can buy…GARY | Prosecutors allege Devonte Hodge was involved in the killing of Deshelon Hicks Jr. while Hodge was on electronic monitoring pending ano…Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
155,57,432072,"October 17, 2015",Indiana,Elkhart,160 Easy Shopping Place,0,4,http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/four-suffer-gunshot-wounds-in-huge-elkhart-brawl/article_a08030ea-74db-11e5-b27b-87f0b05c6445.html,"Elkhart police said four individuals suffered gunshot wounds during a large fight involving some 100 people early Saturday in a parking lot on Easy Shopping Place in Elkhart. Photo provided by Elkhart Police DepartmentELKHART — Four people were hospitalized with gunshot wounds following a fight involving some 100 individuals early Saturday in the Easy Shopping Place parking lot off East Jackson Boulevard in Elkhart, according to police.None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening, Elkhart police said in a news release.Police were called to a fight in the parking lot of 160 Easy Shopping Place at 2:45 a.m. Upon arrival, police heard multiple gunshots and observed a large crowd running from the area.During the investigation, four individuals were found to have been wounded. Three were transported to Elkhart General Hospital by ambulance and a fourth person was driven to Saint Joseph Regional Medical Center in Mishawaka.None of the injured were identified and there were no reports of arrests.Officers collected more than 40 shell casings from the parking lot and bullet which struck a nearby building. A vehicle also was damaged by gunfire, police said.The case remains under investigation.Success!An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.The news you need to start your day, sent weekday mornings.The day's top 5 news headlines, sent weekday evenings."
156,60,428215,"October 10, 2015",Tennessee,Memphis,6135 Mount Moriah Road,0,6,http://wreg.com/2015/10/10/6-shot-1-stabbed-in-separate-incidents/,"WREG.comby:Melissa MoonMEMPHIS, Tenn. — Six people were shot and one person was stabbed to death in three separate incidents in Memphis early Saturday morning.Just before 1 a.m. police responded to a massshootingin Hickory Hill. Police said five people were shot and one person was hit by a car at the Peachtree Center on Mount Moriah Road. Investigators said the shooting was between two rival gangs and happened during a dice game in the parking lot.Saturday morning, shop owners in the Peachtree Center were sweeping up shattered glass. We counted at least four bullet holes in windows and doors at the shopping plaza.“My door was shot, and of course there is blood right there,” Wiley Jefferson of Maximum Refunds said.An hour later police responded to astabbingat the Eden at Watersedge Apartments.Mary Pace said her 19-year-old son got into an argument with his father and stabbed him several times. She was also stabbed in the leg.“He took out a knife and just started stabbing him and stabbing him,” Pace said.At the same time police were investigating the stabbing, officers were trying to figure out whoshota man found lying in the middle of Egypt Central Road in Raleigh.Wiley Jefferson, who considers himself a victim of crime after this, said the community must come together to stop this kind of behavior.“Crime is something the city needs to address, and we need to address it now,” Jefferson said.Policearresteda suspect in the stabbing but still have not made any arrests in the shootings.If you know anything, call CrimeStoppers at 528-CASH.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS — A jury has reached a verdict in the murder trial of ex-cop Derek Chauvin in George Floyd’s death.The verdict will be read Tuesday afternoon.RIDGELAND, Miss. (WJTV) – When you turn 105, there may not be a lot you want for your birthday, but a Mississippi woman had one wish: to meet former NFL player Tim Tebow.After her story made news last week, he granted her wish.DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. — Another molestation charge was filed against a former Desoto County teacher's assistant, according to county authorities.Amy Craft, 48, was arrested on Thursday, April 15, and charged with molesting - touching a child for lustful purposes. The Desoto County Sheriff's Department said the child was under age 16."
157,61,428247,"October 10, 2015",North Carolina,Charlotte,1900 block of West Boulevard,0,4,http://www.twcnews.com/nc/charlotte/news/2015/10/10/four-people-shot-in-west-charlotte-home.html,
158,62,429614,"October 10, 2015",Illinois,Peoria,2405 N Flora,1,3,https://www.pjstar.com/news/20191206/last-person-in-fatal-tommie-forest-case-sentenced-to-19-years-in-prison,"Samuel Clay was sentenced for shooting one of the three people who weren't killed in the 2015 incidentPEORIA — The last man linked to the 2015 shooting death of a 14-year-old Peoria High School freshman was sentenced Friday to 19 years in prison.Samuel T. Clay, Jr., 24, was the last of five people who were charged in connection with a botched robbery that left Tommie Forest III dead and three others injured.In August, he pleaded guilty to aggravated battery with a firearm for shooting one of the three other victims. In return, he faced a maximum of 25 years behind bars – five years shy of the possible 30 years. Prosecutors agreed to drop the murder charges against him.He must serve at least 85 percent of his sentence. With credit for more than four years already spent in custody, he could be released in a bit more than 12 years.In all, five were indicted in the Oct. 10, 2015, slaying of Forest, who was sleeping over at a friend’s house in the 2400 block of North Flora Avenue when someone went to the front door, asked if a person was there, was told he wasn’t and then left. Another person returned, and that’s when a group of people, possibly as many as seven, barged into the house and the shooting started.Court records indicate that Clay was the look-out man and not alleged to have been one of the triggermen.Forest was found dead in the backyard of the house with a single gunshot wound to the head. In addition to Forest, three teens and a women were shot at, prosecutors have said.Alex F. Collins, 24, was sentenced to 95 years for the incident. Dontarius N. Berdin, 23, was sentenced to 21 years in February for aggravated battery. Kainen Lacy, 24, was sentenced to 25 years behind bars for aggravated battery in 2017. Kiangelo G. Marshall, 21, was sentenced to 65 years in prison for murder.In May 2018, Clay’s trial was delayed when a prison official told prosecutors here they couldn’t bring a witness because they had run out of gas money.Andy Kravetz is the Journal Star public safety reporter. He can be reached at 686-3283 and akravetz@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter @andykravetz.PEORIA — The last man linked to the 2015 shooting death of a 14-year-old Peoria High School freshman was sentenced Friday to 19 years in prison.Samuel T. Clay, Jr., 24, was the last of five people who were charged in connection with a botched robbery that left Tommie Forest III dead and three others injured.In August, he pleaded guilty to aggravated battery with a firearm for shooting one of the three other victims. In return, he faced a maximum of 25 years behind bars – five years shy of the possible 30 years. Prosecutors agreed to drop the murder charges against him.He must serve at least 85 percent of his sentence. With credit for more than four years already spent in custody, he could be released in a bit more than 12 years.In all, five were indicted in the Oct. 10, 2015, slaying of Forest, who was sleeping over at a friend’s house in the 2400 block of North Flora Avenue when someone went to the front door, asked if a person was there, was told he wasn’t and then left. Another person returned, and that’s when a group of people, possibly as many as seven, barged into the house and the shooting started.Court records indicate that Clay was the look-out man and not alleged to have been one of the triggermen.Forest was found dead in the backyard of the house with a single gunshot wound to the head. In addition to Forest, three teens and a women were shot at, prosecutors have said.Alex F. Collins, 24, was sentenced to 95 years for the incident. Dontarius N. Berdin, 23, was sentenced to 21 years in February for aggravated battery. Kainen Lacy, 24, was sentenced to 25 years behind bars for aggravated battery in 2017. Kiangelo G. Marshall, 21, was sentenced to 65 years in prison for murder.In May 2018, Clay’s trial was delayed when a prison official told prosecutors here they couldn’t bring a witness because they had run out of gas money.Andy Kravetz is the Journal Star public safety reporter. He can be reached at 686-3283 and akravetz@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter @andykravetz.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Journal Star  ~ Peoria, IL 61643~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
159,63,427621,"October 9, 2015",Arizona,Flagstaff,216 E Mountain View Dr,1,3,https://www.williamsnews.com/news/2020/jan/10/ex-student-pleads-guilty-shooting-death-arizona-ca/,"Steven Jones, center, leaves Coconino County Superior Court Thursday Jan. 9, 2020 in Flagstaff, Ariz. Jones, a former Northern Arizona University student pleaded guilty Thursday to manslaughter in the shooting death of a fellow student on campus, sparing him from a second trial and the potential for a much lengthier prison term. (Jake Bacon/Arizona Daily Sun via AP)FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — A former Northern Arizona University student pleaded guilty Thursday to manslaughter in the shooting death of a fellow student after he got punched in the face, ran to his car to grab a gun and opened fire on a group of people on campus.Until his plea deal with prosecutors, 23-year-old Steven Jones had been scheduled to face a second murder trial later this month after a jury deadlocked on charges in his first trial years earlier.Jones has long acknowledged firing the shots that killed 20-year-old Colin Brough in 2015 and wounded three other students. But he claimed he acted in self-defense after being attacked verbally and physically.Jones stood before a judge Thursday, acknowledging in a hushed tone that his actions weren't justified. He pleaded guilty to manslaughter and three counts of aggravated assault.Hearing those words from Jones was ""huge"" for Brough's parents, Doug and Claudia.""Now it's between him, God and prison life,"" Claudia Brough told The Associated Press by phone after the hearing. ""Quite honestly, he's out of our lives now, and we can get on with our lives remembering Colin for the young man he was and all the joy he brought to our lives.""""Of course, we feel like we really can never have justice,"" she said. ""We'll never get Colin back.""Jones faces five to 10 years in prison when he's sentenced next month and was ordered to pay restitution to the Broughs and the wounded men. He had faced up to 25 years if convicted of second-degree murder at trial.Jones has been in his parents' custody and won't have to turn himself in until next week. He declined to speak after the hearing.His attorney, Burges McCowan, said Jones had considered previous plea agreements but none was ""as good,"" and it brought closure all around.""We still felt very confidently with our approach to the trial,"" he said. ""Our decision was this offer was just made and it felt acceptable to Steven.""The sound of gunfire in the predawn hours of Oct. 9, 2015, initially stoked fears of a mass shooting at Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, about 145 miles (233 kilometers) north of Phoenix. The shooting at the school with more than 25,000 students came just days after 10 people were killed, including the gunman, at an Oregon community college.Prosecutors had painted Jones as an assassin whose pride was hurt after getting punched in the face outside an apartment complex that largely housed fraternity members and where one of his friends rang a doorbell and ran off.Jones could have left what largely was a verbal argument, prosecutors said, but instead went to his car, got a loaded .40-caliber handgun from his glove box and shot four unarmed students.The initial dispute happened near an apartment complex across the street from the school and spilled over to the campus.Jones' attorneys have said he didn't shoot until after announcing he had a gun and not until after Brough lunged at him — details that varied among witnesses. Jones' attorneys said he was bullied by a group of drunken fraternity members, verbally attacked and had only seconds to respond, believing he was being chased and could be seriously hurt or killed.Brough died after being shot in the chest and shoulder. Nick Piring was shot in the arm and hip as he jumped over a bush to reach Brough, his onetime roommate. Jones said he viewed the jump as an act of aggression.Jones, who was trained to use firearms growing up, said he fired again after students dog-piled on him to subdue him and he was trying to disperse the crowd. Nick Prato was struck in the neck, and Kyle Zientek twice in the back.Police arrived found a chaotic scene, with people running around, screaming and crying. Some were giving first aid to those who were shot and calling out for ambulances. Other students were handcuffed in a parking lot as police tried to determine whether there was a second shooting suspect.Jones was detained within minutes and said he was the only shooter.Click Below to:Contents of this site are © Copyright 2021 Williams News and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. |Terms of Service|Privacy Policy"
160,64,426256,"October 6, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,300 block of North Payson Street,0,5,http://baltimore.cbslocal.com/2015/10/06/at-least-2-shot-in-baltimore/,"BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Police are searching for information about a lone gunman who they say shot five people in broad daylight. The violence follows another multiple shooting days earlier.Christie Iletohas more on the investigation.Police have no suspect and no clear motive but believe at least one of the five were targeted. Now they’re hunting who pulled the trigger.Innocent eyes and a maze of yellow tape after gun violence hit Penrose and Payton.“I heard the continuous bam bam bam bam,” said resident Sylvia Roy.A flurry of emergency calls followed.Five were shot in broad daylight; the youngest was 17. Detectives say at least one was targeted.“A lone gunman came around the corner, fired a number of shots at the individuals and then took off on foot,” said Lt. TJ Smith.“I see him grab his stomach and go to the ground,” said one witness.He didn’t want his face on camera but tellsWJZhe witnessed the aftermath.“He was just hollering, `When is the ambulance going to get here? When is the ambulance going to get here?'” he said.The shooting happened just up the corner, literally a block away from an elementary school that had recently dismissed students.“It’s frightening and it’s around the time kids are coming home from school,” said one neighbor.And it’s becoming too common, residents say.Tuesday’s violence comes four days after a handful of people were shot in a city strip mall parking lot.“It’s sad. I’m tired of hearing about it, for real,” said one resident.But it’s a grim reality even for some of the city’s youngest residents, coming home to flashing lights and evidence markers.Police say the victims were shot in their lower bodies and have non-life threatening injuries.Anyone with information can call Metro CrimeStoppers at 1-866-7-LOCKUP."
161,65,424224,"October 2, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,5400 Reisterstown Road,1,4,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bs-md-ci-reisterstown-road-shooting-20151002-story.html,"A 71-year-old man was killed in Friday afternoon's shooting at a Reisterstown Road shopping center, city police said Saturday.Police identified the victim as James Gaylord of the 400 block of Winston Avenue. They also released partial identities of four others who were wounded in a burst of gunfire at the busy shopping center: a 54 year-old male, a 41-year-old female, 33-year-old male, and a 26-year-old male.No arrests have been made, and police said they didn't know of any suspects or motive.A patrol officer was alerted to a wounded person on the ground at the Hilltop Shopping Center in the 5400 block of Reisterstown Road about 3 p.m. Friday and found several others wounded as well, a police spokesman said.""This was an officer who called in and said, 'I have a shooting right where I am, right now,'"" said city police spokesman T.J. Smith.A woman at a nearby barbershop said she heard what sounded like three or four guns firing in a ""shootout."" She and others in the shop ran into a back room until they heard sirens outside, she said.The woman did not want to give her name because ""people are cruel,"" she said, and whoever opened fire in the crowded shopping center ""doesn't have any compassion for others' lives.""Officers shut down the block and flooded the area, dropping at least a dozen orange evidence markers on the sidewalk outside a 7-Eleven at the corner of Reisterstown Road and West Rogers Avenue. Crime tape surrounded the shopping center south to Lewiston Avenue.""This was a brazen act at 3 p.m. in the afternoon,"" Smith said. ""It's a crowded shopping center.""Smith said one male who appeared to be an adult was killed and that three men and one woman were injured. He said the surviving victims had injuries ranging from ""graze wounds"" to ""through and through"" bullet wounds.Smith said he did not know whether there was one shooter or more, or if there was a person targeted in the shooting.He said no one pulls out a gun in such a manner ""for any other reason than to shoot at people,"" but that ""in all likelihood, some of them were innocent victims that were in the shopping center.""He urged community members with information to come forward.""We're fortunate that we're not talking about any children that were injured out here,"" he said. ""At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, it shows you how careless and reckless these bad guys are.""We want the community to understand that one of your children could have been out here, so if you know who this person is, call us.""Robin Mouzone said she was trying to go to the Motor Vehicle Administration office in the shopping center when she saw police tape going up.She said she frequents the area and that her daughter works at a nearby restaurant.""It's just close to home,"" she said. ""It's just scary. You can't go somewhere and shop and not think about getting hurt.""She said she is tired of the violence in the city, and scared to think how many ""killers are out here for real.""Erik Thompson, whose father has owned the nearby Hilltop Hardware store for more than four decades, said the area has gone downhill since police officers whom neighborhood residents knew by name stopped patrolling regularly on foot.""The last 25 years, the Baltimore City Police Department has gotten away from something that was very effective when I was a kid: good old flat-footed cops,"" he said. ""They need to get back to grass-roots policing.""kevin.rector@baltsun.comliz.bowie@baltsun.comRecommended"
162,66,423223,"October 1, 2015",Oregon,Roseburg,1140 Umpqua College Rd,10,9,http://www.kval.com/news/local/Nine-wounded-victims-in-UCC-Umpqua-Community-College-shooting-Mercy-Medical-Roseburg-Oregon-330413951.html,
163,69,422035,"September 28, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,5300 block of South Aberdeen Street,2,3,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2015/09/29/two-cpd-officers-hailed-for-rushing-wounded-baby-to-hospital/,"(CBS)— Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy says a split second decision saved the life of an infant rushed to the hospital after his mother and grandmother were shot and killed.Officers Michael Modzelewski and John Conneely say it was a chaotic scene when they arrived at a drive-by shooting in the 5300 block of Aberdeen.“When we arrived on scene responding to the call, we were met by the aunt who then relayed to us that the child had been shot,” said Modzelewski.It was then they say they had to make a split second decision to break protocol and take the infant to the hospital.“When we were in route to the hospital, we called ahead to the firehouse on about 43rd and Ashland to see if there was an ambulance in quarters,” Conneely said. “They relayed to us that there was no ambulance in quarters, so that’s when we made the decision that we’re going.”Conneely drove their police car to Stroger Hospital and Modzelewski, a parent himself, cradled the baby with his right hand and tried to stop the bleeding with his left.Princeton’s mom, Patricia Chew, was shot and killed.  So was the baby’s grandmother Lolita Wells.  But Princeton survived,  perhaps because of these cops.Superintendent McCarthy says the officers made the right decision and save the baby’s life."
164,72,421358,"September 27, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,5200 block of South Justine,0,4,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2015/09/28/4-killed-53-wounded-in-weekend-shootings-across-chicago/,"CHICAGO (STMW) —Four men were killed and at least 53 other people — including a 10-year-old girl — were wounded in shootings across Chicago between late Friday afternoon and Monday morning.The latest homicide happened Sunday afternoon in the North Lawndale neighborhood on the West Side.About 3 p.m., Quinton Dgoins, 25, was inside a car in the 3900 block of West Roosevelt Road when another car drove by and people from inside both cars began shooting at each other, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.Dgoins, of the 3000 block of West Flournoy Street, was shot in the back and shoulder and taken to Mount Sinai where he was pronounced dead at 2:42 p.m., authorities said.Earlier Sunday, a man was shot to death in the Longwood Manor neighborhood on the South Side.Marcus Cox, 28, was standing outside about 4:20 a.m. in the 9600 block of South Morgan when someone fired shots in his direction, striking him in the abdomen, authorities said.Cox, who lived on the same block as the shooting, was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where he was pronounced dead at 3:19 p.m., the medical examiner’s office said.About an hour earlier, a man was gunned down in the Pilsen neighborhood on the Lower West Side.Abraham Barrera, 23, and another man, 24, were driving in the 1100 block of West 18th Street about 3:20 a.m. when someone walked out of an alley and opened fire, authorities said. Both were shot in the head.Barrera, who lived in the 4100 block of West 58th Place, was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he died at 5:33 a.m., authorities said. The 24-year-old was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition.Investigators think the shooting was gang-related.The weekend’s first fatal shooting happened in a Bronzeville neighborhood apartment complex Saturday on the South Side.About noon, a 25-year-old man was arguing with a 34-year-old man inside the apartment in the 700 block of East 47th Street when the older man opened fire, police said.The younger man suffered three gunshot wounds and was taken to Stroger, where he was pronounced dead at 12:43 p.m., authorities said. Officials withheld his name Sunday.Police identified the shooter as Marvin Lee. He initially called for help saying the other man had broken into his home, but detectives determined they knew each other and had an altercation prior to the shooting.Lee, who lives on the block where the shooting happened, was charged with first-degree murder and was ordered held without bond Sunday. He is next scheduled to appear in court Monday.In the most recent non-fatal shooting, two men were shot early Monday in the Belmont Cragin neighborhood, prompting a brief police chase on the Northwest Side.The two men, ages 28 and 30, were both shot at 2:53 a.m. during argument with someone outside in the 5700 block of West Grand, police said. The 28-year-old was shot in the abdomen and was taken to Stroger Hospital, where his condition was stabilized, police said. The older man suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the back and was taken in serious condition to Loyola University Medical Center.When officers responded to the scene of the shooting, a male ran away and a foot chase ensued, police said. Shots were fired from police officers in the 2700 block of North Major, but no one was struck and the suspect was subsequently taken into custody. A weapon was recovered and charges were pending early Monday, police said.About midnight Monday, a man was shot in the West Elsdon neighborhood on the Southwest Side. The 23-year-old was standing outside in the 4000 block of West 55th Street when he heard gunfire and realized he’d been shot in the right thigh. He walked into Rush University Medical Center and was later transferred to Stroger Hospital, police said. His condition was stabilized.Less than an hour earlier, a man was injured in a drive-by shooting in the West Side Austin neighborhood. About 11:20 p.m. Sunday, the 21-year-old was standing on the corner in the 5000 block of West Division when a vehicle drove by and someone inside fired shots, police said. He was shot in the hip and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where his condition was stabilized. A police source said the man is a documented gang member.About 10:40 p.m. Sunday, four people were wounded in a drive-by attack about in the Back of the Yards neighborhood on the South Side. Three men and a woman were standing outside on the sidewalk in the 5200 block of South Justine Street about 10:40 p.m. when a light-colored SUV drove by and someone inside opened fire, police said. A 30-year-old man suffered a gunshot wound to the groin, a 33-year-old man suffered a gunshot wound to the thigh and hip area, and a 35-year-old man was shot in the leg and hip. All three of them were taken to Stroger Hospital in serious condition, police said. A 29-year-old woman suffered a graze wound to the shoulder, and was taken to Mercy Hospital and Medical Center in good condition.Less than 30 minutes earlier, a man was shot in the heart of Humboldt Park in the West Side neighborhood. The 50-year-old man was shot in the leg in the 1300 block of Luis Munoz Marin Drive when he tried breaking up a fight between two people, police said. That block runs through the park, between Division and Augusta, Kedzie and Sacramento. The suspect ran away after the shooting. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital where his condition was stabilized, police said.Earlier Sunday afternoon, a 10-year-old girl was among three people shot in the Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side.She was outside with an 18-year-old woman and 19-year-old man about 12:50 p.m. in the 1400 block of East 66th Place when a gunman walked out of a vacant lot and started firing, police said.A bullet grazed the girl’s neck and she was taken in good condition to Comer Children’s Hospital, police said. The man was shot in the back and taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in critical condition. The woman suffered a graze wound to the calf was taken to University of Chicago Medical Center, where her condition was stabilized. Police said the woman and girl were not the intended targets.At least 40 other people have been shot in the city between 3:50 p.m. Friday and 3 a.m. Monday.Additionally, a Chicago Police officer shot and killed a man who charged at officers with a sharp object about 9 p.m. in Humboldt Park’s 900 block of North Central Park, officials said.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
165,74,426559,"September 25, 2015",Illinois,Danville,1300 block of May Street,0,4,http://www.news-gazette.com/news/local/2015-10-05/danville-police-seek-information-shooting-injured-1.html,"One of Editor & Publisher’s ‘10 That Do It Right 2021’Snow likely. Some rain may mix in. Temps nearly steady in the mid 30s. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of snow 100%. 1 to 3 inches of snow expected..Snow this evening will give way to partly cloudy conditions late. Low 27F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of snow 80%. Snow accumulations less than one inch.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 2:06 pmDanville — A 32-year-old Danville man is in stable condition after being shot Sunday morning outside the Green Meadows apartment complex on the city's east side, according to police.Criminal Investigation Commander Jane McFadden said police were called to the complex at 1600 Edgewood Drive at 10:57 a.m. Sunday for a subject who had been shot.She said the man, whose name is not yet being released, was rushed by ambulance to the hospital with non life-threatening injuries and is in stable condition.Police continue to investigate, she said, and have been canvassing the area to see if anyone saw anything and are asking anyone with information to call the police department or Crimestoppers at 446-TIPS.The Green Meadows complex is a privately-owned facility north of the Danville Housing Authority's Fair Oaks public housing complex.Danville police are also continuing to investigate a shooting the previous weekend that injured four people. That shooting happened at midnight Sept. 25 on the city's east side in the 1300 block of May Street. According to police, young people had gathered for a party, and at some point, shots were fired.None of those injuries was life-threatening, but four people were injured and rushed to the hospital either by ambulance or in private vehicles.McFadden said the four injured were all under the age of 21 years old and some were in their teens.No arrests have been made yet in that shooting. McFadden said police are still trying to track down everyone at that gathering.Success!An email has been sent towith a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!Get the latest local and national news.Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.Get the latest headlines on local sports!Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.Top trending stories from the week."
166,75,419718,"September 24, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,5100 block of South Morgan Street,0,5,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150925/back-of-yards/5-wounded-3-critically-back-of-yards-shooting,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.BACK OF THE YARDS — Five people were wounded, three of them critically, in a shooting in Back of the Yards Thursday evening, police said.Around 7:45 p.m., the three men and two women were standing on the sidewalk in the 5100 block of South Morgan Street when they heard gunshots and felt pain, according to Officer Jose Estrada, a Chicago Police spokesman.A 29-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman were taken to Stroger Hospital in critical condition, Estrada said. The man had been shot in his legs and back, and the woman had been shot in her hand, foot and thigh.A 27-year-old woman was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where she was in critical condition with a gunshot wound in her upper chest, Estrada said.The other two men, 27 and 32, were taken to Stroger Hospital, where their conditions stabilized, Estrada said. The 27-year-old had been shot in his shins, and the 32-year-old was grazed in his shoulder.Police said all three of the men are documented gang members.No one is in custody, Estrada said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkNext inBack of the Yards & Brighton ParkCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
167,76,418964,"September 23, 2015",Florida,Fort Myers,Dale St and Veronica S. Shoemaker Blvd,0,4,https://www.news-press.com/story/news/crime/2015/09/24/fort-myers-shooting-victim-identified/72733012/,"Less than 24 hours after Fort Myers was rocked by four shootings, officials established an emergency task force to root out the ""bad guys"" where they live.Council members voted 6-0 Thursday for city administration to work with local and state law enforcement in hopes of putting an end to the violence that has plagued the community.Fort Myers councilman says city needs help from National Guard""I want to send a message to citizens that we're all over this and are going to be relentless,"" Mayor Randy Henderson said. ""If there was ever a reason to push the envelope, we're there.""While interim police Chief Dennis Eads was updating the council on the shootings, his officers were almost three miles down the road raiding a home on Davis Court – the scene of two shootings the night before. Police arrested three men on drug or probation violation charges and removed an assault rifle from a house on the 2100 block.Fort Myers police spokesman Lt. Victor Medico confirmed Friday that the arrests of the three men were not connected to the shootings.Fort Myers' Davis Court the 'worst street in Fort Myers'One of the men, 36-year-old Corey Lee Cobb, who lives at the house, was arrested by the throng of officers on a misdemeanor charge of possessing less than 20 grams of marijuana.The other two arrested are Quinton Marquiz Lubin, 32, of Braman Avenue, on a probation violation charge and Lemar Young, 45, of Live Oak Drive, on a charge of possessing cocaine with intent to sell within 1,000 feet of a park.""Hopefully this will show the community that we're trying to do our part,"" said Lt. Jay Rodriguez, police spokesman.Police have not made any arrests in the shootings, nor had Crime Stoppers received any tips.In just under 6½ hours Wednesday night, seven people — ages 5 to 44 — were shot and rushed to the hospital. All seven are expected to survive their injuries.The first shooting occurred at 4:25 p.m. in the 2100 block of Davis Court. Leonard Burger, 35, was transported to Lee Memorial Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.Editorial: Shootings demand immediate actionAlmost four hours later, police officers responded to shots fired near the Pepsi plant on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. They could not locate the victims because they drove themselves to the emergency room. All four people in the car were hurt, including 5-year-old Tazyhion Matthews. Chancey Isom, 26, Jatravia Isom, 24, and 17-year-old Orvasia Green.As a police spokesman updated the media on the shooting at Veronica S Shoemaker Boulevard and Dale Street, 20-year-old Ezekiel Burger Jr. was shot at the intersection of State Road 82 and Colonial Boulevard before driving himself to a closed Marathon gas station at 4561 Colonial Blvd. Lee EMS transported him the rest of the way to the hospital.The final shooting of the night occurred where it all began: in the 2100 block of Davis Court. Anthony Quinn Williams, 43, was driving his blue Dodge Durango north on Davis Court when the bullets struck. He got out of his car and ran to a nearby home for help.During Thursday's budget meeting, Eads told the council he believes three of the four shootings are related and based on retaliation, but he would not explain in detail.A SWAT team, mobile command center, K-9 units and about a dozen officers swarmed the Davis Court house with a warrant just before 5 p.m.The neighbors went through their well-practiced routine — peeking past curtains, coming outside their house pocked with bullet holes, milling about the scene swapping speculation with neighbors and eyeballing the cops.UPDATE 5 things to know: Fort Myers shootingsAn undercover officer whose face was covered by black fabric walked out of the house toting an AK-47 he recovered from inside the house near the scene of two shootings the night before.""We don't have nothing against the police if they protect us,"" said James Brown, who lives across the street from the house that was raided.That same house was the scene of a shooting July 26 in which an 18-year-old was found lying on his back in the driveway. Diante Davis was taken to Lee Memorial Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, and told authorities he was walking through Harlem Lakes when he heard gunshots but said he only saw a shadow.Council and community leaders had met to discuss gun violence Wednesday.""The irony is while people were meeting to discuss that topic, there were instances of gun violence occurring at that very time,"" City Manager Billy Mitchell said. ""It's the reason why the city and residents are concerned.""Henderson said Gov.Rick Scott and Rep. Curt Clawson, R-Bonita Springs, offered their support for the task force."
168,77,419250,"September 23, 2015",Louisiana,Shreveport,2900 block of Peach Street,0,5,http://www.ksla.com/story/30102687/multiple-people-wounded-in-shooting-in-shreveport,"SHREVEPORT, LA (KSLA) - Shreveport police are investigating a drive-by shooting that left multiple people wounded in north Shreveport.It happened around 7:45 p.m. Wednesday in the 2900 block of Peach Street. According to police, preliminary reports suggest a group of people in a dark-colored sedan were traveling east on Peach Street near Knox Street when they started shooting at a group of people standing along Knox Street. That's when police say the group standing on the street shot back at the vehicle.Police say 5 people were struck during the shooting. Of those, 4 were taken to University Health hospital for treatment of wounds authorities said appeared not to be life-threatening. The fifth victim was treated at the scene after refusing to be taken to the hospital.All of the wounded people were from the group standing on the street; and all were shot in their lower extremities, authorities say.No arrests have been made at this time.Anyone with information about this crime is urged to call Shreveport-Caddo Crime Stoppers at (318) 673-7373 or visit itswebsite,lockemup.org.Copyright 2015KSLA. All rights reserved.1812 Fairfield Ave.Shreveport, LA 71101(318) 222-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
169,80,417284,"September 20, 2015",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,900 Pratt St,1,3,https://www.fox29.com/news/philadelphia-police-department-investigates-multiple-shooting-on-pratt-street,"Summerdale-Philadelphia Police cars and crime scene tape block off the Tanqueray Tavern on Pratt Street in Summerdale.Earlier investigators say a group of feuding bikes locked in a gunfight is the reason why a 34-year-old man is dead, and three others are in the hospital.It happened just before 6:30 p.m. Police say 15-30 bikers took off after the gunfire, but we found one motorcycle smashed down on its side not far away.LaBrian Dale Parker, 34, was transported to Albert Einstein Medical Center and pronounced at 6:44 p.m. He was from Fredericksburg, Virginia.A 53-year-old male with multiple gunshot wounds was transported to Aria-Frankford Hospital by private vehicle and listed in critical condition. He was later transported to Aria-Torresdale Hospital.Another 34-year-old male suffered a gunshot wound to his right thigh. He was taken to Lankenau Hospital by private vehicle and is in stable condition.A 42-year-old male with multiple gunshot wounds was first taken to Aria-Frankford Hospital by private vehicle and then transferred to Jefferson Hospital.AdvertisementAt least one victim is wearing a 'Wheels of Soul' jacket. Cops say two other victims are in critical condition and considered in police custody.A police source called it a ""Biker War"" and that has neighbors puzzled.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
170,81,416872,"September 20, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,5700 block of South LaSalle,1,5,http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2015/09/19/19-shot-in-chicago-since-friday-night/,"CHICAGO (STMW) —Four people were killed — including a 14-year-old boy — and at least 35 others have been wounded in shootings across Chicago since Friday night.The latest homicide happened Sunday morning in the West Pullman neighborhood on the Far South Side, according to Chicago Police.About 5:25 a.m., officers responding to a call of shots fired in the 11700 block of South LaSalle found a man unresponsive inside a car parked in an alley.He had been shot multiple times and was taken to Roseland Community Hospital, where he later was pronounced dead, police said. His age was not available.About three hours earlier, six people were shot — one fatally — in an Englewood attack, police said.At 2:08 a.m., six people were outside in the 5700 block of South LaSalle when another group of people walked out of an alley and started shooting, police said. At least one person in the first group returned fire.Six people in a vehicle caught in the crossfire were also taken to hospitals when the car flipped over.A 28-year-old man shot in the chest was taken to Saint Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center, where he later was pronounced dead, police said. The Cook County medical examiner’s office did not immediately confirm the fatality.A 19-year-old woman whose face was grazed by a bullet was also taken to Saint Bernard, police said. She is listed in serious condition.A 29-year-old woman shot in the face was taken in serious condition to Mount Sinai Hospital, as was a 28-year-old woman who suffered a graze wound to the buttocks. Her condition stabilized, police said.A 29-year-old man shot in the arm and leg was taken to Stroger Hospital along with a 23-year-old woman shot in the left foot. Their conditions also stabilized, police said.Saturday evening in Kenwood, a teenage boy was killed and another wounded in a drive-by attack, police said.The boys, 14 and 15, were outside in the 4400 block of South Greenwood at 7:30 p.m. when someone fired from a passing car, police said.The younger boy was shot in the head and pronounced dead at the scene, police said. The 15-year-old suffered two leg wounds and was taken to the University of Chicago Comer Children’s Hospital.Witnesses told officers there’d been an altercation in a nearby park before the shooting, but it wasn’t clear whether that was connected to the killing.About 6 p.m., a 38-year-old man was fatally shot in Humboldt Park. He was standing with a group of people in the 1200 block of North Keeler when two people walked up and started shooting.The man was shot in the back of the neck and pronounced dead at the scene, police said.The Cook County medical examiner’s office did not immediately confirm the deaths.The most recent non-fatal shooting happened early Sunday at an Edgewater neighborhood gas station on the North Side.Shortly before 4 a.m., a 35-year-old man got into an argument with someone who pulled out a gun and shot him in the left hip and leg at the station in the 5700 block of North Broadway, police said. A friend drove him to Presence Saint Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he is listed in good condition.At least 28 other people have been shot across Chicago in separate attacks since 7:20 p.m. Friday.(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire &copy; Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)"
171,82,416812,"September 19, 2015",Indiana,Indianapolis,3900 block of Graceland Ave,1,3,https://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2020/09/19/deshaun-swanson-5-years-after-his-death-police-still-investigating/5838221002/,"Saturday marks 5 years since theshooting death of 10-year-old DeShaun Swansonin Indianapolis, and investigators are still searching for leads in the case.Last month, city leaders and federal officials announced an award of up to $25,000 for information about Swanson's death. The announcement came as part ofOperation Legend, a coordinated effort between federal and local law enforcement to fight violent crime in cities across the country, including Indianapolis.Swanson was killed on Sept. 19, 2015, at a home on the 3900 block of Graceland Avenue, where he and his family were attending a memorial service.When they arrived at the home, someone opened fire in a drive-by shooting. Swanson, who was standing just inside the front door, was one of four people shot. He was rushed to an area hospital but did not survive.Known as “Little Man,” the fourth-grader dreamed of being a basketball player.According tothe FBI, the shots came from the front and rear seat passengers in a newer model, silver or gray vehicle with window tint. The vehicle was seen slowly driving by the house multiple times.Anyone with information is encouraged to call the FBI Indianapolis Field Office at 317-595-4000, the FBI tip line at 1-800-CALL-FBI, or Crime Stoppers of Central Indiana Tips Hotline at 317-262-TIPS.Tips can also be submitted online at tips.fbi.gov.Contact Pulliam Fellow Jordan Erb at jerb@gannett.com. Follow her on Twitter:@jordanparkererb."
172,83,418318,"September 17, 2015",South Dakota,Geddes,36705 379th Street,6,0,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3250365/Elementary-school-funeral-remembers-four-children-killed-murder-suicide-South-Dakota-father-burnt-home-focus-state-audit.html,"ByChristopher Brennan For Dailymail.comPublished:17:04 EDT, 26 September 2015|Updated:11:40 EDT, 28 September 201511ViewcommentsFour children killed by their father in a murder-suicide where the family house was set on fire were remembered in funeral services on Saturday.Michael, Connor, Jaeci and Kailey Westerhuis were shot dead along with their mother Nicole, 41, before flames engulfed the home they shared near Platte, South Dakota, on September 17.Husband and father Scott Westerhuis, 41, who was also buried on Saturday, is believed to have killed his children and wife with a shotgun before he is thought to have turned the gun on himself.Scroll down for videoFuneral services were held for four children who died after their father is thought to have shot them and then set fire to the family home near Platte, South Dakota, earlier this monthMichael, (left) 16, Connor, (back center) 14, Jaeci, (right) 10, and Kailey, 9 (front center) Westerhuis were killed along with their mother Nicole in an attack that has shaken the community of 1,200The funeral ceremony for the children, who were 16, 14, 9 and 10, was held at the Platte-Geddes Elementary School gymnasium, according to theArgus Leader.Classmates carried the coffins of the youngsters in the service. Private services for Nicole Westerhuis will be held later.The community of Platte, a town of 1,200 about 110 miles south of Sioux Falls, has been shaken by the act of violence.Platte-Geddes School District released a statement saying it was 'deeply saddened' by the crime, and added that the Westerhuises were a 'big part' of life at the school.Classes at school were dismissed the day of the fire after news spread.The family, including father Scott (second from right), were remembered as a big part of life in Platte before the husband is thought to have killed his children and wife Nicole (right)A neighbor of the Westerhuises said they were a 'nice family' and added he couldn't 'put his mind around it'. Above, a window display remembers Michael Westerhuis, who played football at the local high schoolThe two boys played football at Platte-Geddes High School, according toKeloland.com.Before Friday's homecoming game a moment of silence was held before the game and balloons were released into the air on a celebratory day tinged with sadness.Beyond athletics, Michael was remembered for playing the trumpet and Connor was remembered for his prankster sense of humor.Jaeci, who participated in sports and cheer, was remembered for her laugh and Kailey was remembered for giving the principal a hug every day.Neighbor Marcus King said that the Westerhuises were a 'nice family' and toldKDLT'it’s devastating. When you lose the whole family, all six of them. you can’t put your mind around it'.Charles Mix County Sheriff's Office said firefighters were called around 5.30am September 17 to the home, about three miles south of PlatteBoth Scott and Nicole Westerhuis worked at an educational cooperative that had recently lost a large state contract after an audit from the Department of EducationThe Charles Mix County Sheriff's Office and state investigators are looking into the exact circumstances of what happened at the house the morning of the fire and possible motives.Both Scott and Nicole Westerhuis worked at an educational cooperative where the GEAR UP program to help Native Americans attend college was being audited by the state Department of Education.Scott Westerhuis had reportedly been the focus of the audit, according toKOTATV, and he had recently been stripped of a $4.3million contract.Documents show that Scott was listed as CFO and Nicole was listed as business manager of two organizations that GEAR UP gave $2million to, according to the Associated Press.Investigators are looking through the company and business manager's financial records, as well as what is left in the family home.The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1 (800) 273-8255Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
173,85,414580,"September 15, 2015",New Jersey,Newark,Irvine Turner Boulevard and West Kinney Street,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/At-Least-4-Injured-in-New-Jersey-Shooting-Police-327805291.html,"Four people were shot outside a public housing complex in Newark Tuesday night, according to police.The shooting happened in a driveway of the Betty Shabazz housing complex at the corner of Irvine Turner Boulevard and West Kinney Street in Newark, police said.The victims sustained non-life threatening injuries, police said.A senior official said shell casings have been recovered but declined to discuss the nature of the shooting.Shootings in New Jersey's largest city have spiked this year, TheWall Street Journal noted last month. Mayor Ras Baraka has acknowledged the city is struggling to reduce gun crime with a smaller police force and fewer resources."
174,86,413001,"September 13, 2015",Florida,Ocala,1910 South Pine Avenue,1,5,http://www.ocala.com/article/20151026/articles/151029803,"© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Ocala.com  ~ 2121 SW 19th Avenue Rd., Ocala, FL 34471~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
175,87,412996,"September 12, 2015",Louisiana,Shreveport,1500 block of Clanton Street,0,4,http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/2015/09/13/four-injured-drive--shooting-police-seeking-shooters/72236060/,"Shreveport Police Violent Crimes detectives are seeking the identities and whereabouts of those reponsible for a drive-by shooting which sent four people to the hospital Saturday evening in west Shreveport.Just before 8:30 p.m., SPD patrol officers were called to a home in the 1500 block of Clanton Street relative to a shooting in which multiple victims were injured, said SPD spokesman Cpl. Marcus Hines.Four victims, three juveniles and one adult, 25-year-old Tadaruis Kennedy, suffered minor to potentially life-threatening gunshot wounds. Kennedy was shot in the hand, a 17-year-old male was shot in the upper torso, a 16-year-old girl's head was grazed and a 12-year-old boy's jaw was grazed, Hines said.The 17 year old reportedly suffered the more serious injury and remains in critical but stable condition. All victims were taken to University Health for treatment and are expected to survive, according to Hines.Preliminary information gathered in SPD's investigation suggests the shooting took place after a dark colored sedan driving near the intersection of Clanton Street at Dowdell Street  reportedly fired multiple gunshots from the moving car. Evidence of the shooting was recovered at the scene of the crime and is being processed in efforts to help identify the culprits responsible for the heinous act, Hines said.Detectives are working to determine what events led to the incident. While no exact motive has been determined, investigators don't believe the incident was a random act of violence.Authorities are urging anyone with information about the crime to contact Crime Stoppers at (318) 673-7373 or visit their website atwww.lockemup.org.Crime Stoppers is offering a reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the crime."
176,88,412487,"September 12, 2015",New York,Rochester,36 Woodward Street,2,4,https://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/2015/09/14/city-shooting-suspect-due-court/72247558/,"A Rochester man pleaded not guilty Monday morning in a fatal shooting that happened early Saturday.William B. James, 30, of 120 Garson Ave., ischarged with one count of second-degree murderin connection with a shootingat 36 Woodward St. that left two people dead and at least three others wounded. He is being held without bail.Killing of two continues summer violenceJames is accused of killing John Rudolph, 36, of Rochester, by shooting him several times at the party with a handgun, according to the criminal complaint filed with the Rochester City Court clerk's office.James also allegedly made a recorded video statement to police in which he waived his Miranda rights and ""admits to being at the location and being involved in a dispute with the victim which led to the shooting,"" according to the criminal complaint.The other person killed was Herbert Thomas, 34, of Rochester, according to police.Police on Monday also released the names of three others shot at the party: Elizabeth Washington, 24; Shaquanda Moody, 25; and Imani Williams, 26. All are from Rochester.Police previously said there were two people fatally shot and four wounded. Assistant Monroe County District Attorney Brian Green said the sixth victim was James, who was shot in a leg.James was in a wheelchair when he was arraigned in Rochester City Court Monday.Police would not release a mug shot of James.""We are not releasing the photo at this time of the suspect because we still have to conduct ID procedures. Once the ID procedures have been conducted, I will release the photo,"" Rochester Police Investigator Jacqueline Shuman said in an email.Wendell Washington, who attended the arraignment, said his daughter, Elizabeth Washington was shot in the back and the bullet went through her spine and she was not able to communicate. She has two children, ages 3 and 5, he said.""She was there with her cousins celebrating somebody's birthday,"" Washington said.James' birthday was Friday.Arrest made in Woodward St. shooting""Things got to stop when it comes down to violence,"" he said.""A lot of things go through my mind, but at the end of the day I've got to thank God just for my baby being alive fighting for her life,"" Washington said.Police said 30 to 50 people were in the house during the dispute. Police were at the house about two hours prior to the shooting, but when police arrived, only two people were on the porch and they were dispersed.Ciminelli said that police are not looking for another suspect.BLOUDON@Gannett.comVictim's mother begs for violence to end"
177,90,412539,"September 12, 2015",Minnesota,Minneapolis,1200 block of 22nd Ave. N.,1,3,http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2015/09/24/medical-examiner-identifies-man-shot-killed-in-n-mpls-shooting/,"MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)— The Hennepin County Medical Examiner’s Office released more information in thefatal north Minneapolis shooting on Sept. 12, 2015.According to the medical examiner, 25-year-old Miguel Yobani Garcia Silvestre died of a gunshot wound to the abdomen in the incident. His manner of death has been determined to be homicide.On the day of the incident, police responded to a report of a shooting inside a residence at about 4:30 a.m. on the 1200 block of 22nd Avenue North.When officers arrived at scene, they located three  victims who were suffering from gunshot wounds. One victim, Garcia Silvestre, was pronounced dead at the scene, and two others were taken to North Memorial Medical Center. Their injuries were considered serious, but not life-threatening. Another victim, who fled the home, was found a few blocks away with non-life threatening injuries.Minneapolis police are investigating. Anyone with information should call Minneapolis Police or CrimeStoppers at 1-800-222-8477."
178,93,411888,"September 8, 2015",Georgia,Berlin,,0,4,http://www.moultrieobserver.com/news/local_news/lawmen-respond-to-violence-reports/article_da7bed02-5681-11e5-ac59-5f0bcb2b41e2.html?mode=jqm,"Sunny. High 78F. Winds light and variable..Clear skies. Low near 55F. Winds light and variable.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 2:53 pmMoultrie, GeorgiaMOULTRIE — Deputies responded to a reported shooting in Berlin Tuesday morning. The initial call said one man was shot at and four people had been shot but were refusing treatment by EMS. While the officers were still en route, the dispatcher added that the man with the gun was high on narcotics and that the caller was being uncooperative, the deputy said in his incident report.When the deputy arrived, he saw a man walking from the residence where the shots had allegedly been fired. He and Berlin Police Chief Timothy Weathers forced the man to the ground at gunpoint, and another officer handcuffed him without further incident.The man “appeared under the influence and was hallucinating,” the deputy reported.A neighbor said the man had been shooting at objects and acting out of his head. The man was taken to Colquitt Regional Medical Center for evaluation. The deputy said a 12-gauge pump shotgun, a Taser and a .22-caliber pistol were taken into evidence.Other violenceSheriff’s Office• Heather Tucker, 100 block Lighter Knot Court, reported Saturday that her brother had pointed a pistol at her and other relatives when they were at his residence to retrieve some property. The other relatives agreed that’s what happened, and one provided a description of a black .45-caliber handgun they said he used.Police contacted Tucker’s brother, Eric Chafin, at his residence, 191 Fireplace Lane. Chafin and another witness said there was a verbal argument but no firearm was pointed at anyone. Chafin acknowledged owning a pistol that fit the relative’s description, and the deputy recovered it from a closet in the residence.The reporting deputy said Chafin was arrested on a charge of pointing a pistol at another. No booking paperwork was available at the Colquitt County Jail on Tuesday; usually that paperwork isn’t available until after a warrant is issued officially charging a suspect.• A Colquitt County woman reported she was sexually assaulted Friday night on the side of Edmondson Road.• A Colquitt County woman reported Sunday that her juvenile daughter returned from her father’s house with what looked like a hickey, and she said her daughter told her that her father had poked her and touched her inappropriately. The daughter, however, would not talk with the deputy preparing the initial report.JACKSONVILLE, Fla. [mdash] Linda Hamilton, 79, of Jacksonville, Florida, passed away on Monday, April 19, 2021 at Community Hospice of Jacksonville. Arrangements have been entrusted to Baker Funeral Home.MOULTRIE [mdash] Terry Eugene Kelley, Sr., 69, of Moultrie, passed away on Friday, April 16, 2021, at Colquitt Regional Medical Center. Arrangements have been entrusted to Baker Funeral Home.MOULTRIE [mdash] Benita Fran Powell Tillman, 61, of Moultrie, passed away on Sunday, April 18, 2021, at Archbold Medical Center in Thomasville. Arrangements have been entrusted to Baker Funeral Home.MOULTRIE [mdash] Jose A. Galarza-Fuentes, 72, of Moultrie, passed away on Sunday, April 18, 2021 at Colquitt Regional Medical Center. Arrangements have been entrusted to Baker Funeral Home.TAMPA, Fla. [mdash] Captain Mercer Joyce Tyler, 90, of Tampa, Florida, passed away on Thursday, April 15, 2021 at his home. Arrangements have been entrusted to Baker Funeral Home.Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.Sign up now to get our FREE breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox.First Amendment:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
179,95,409732,"September 7, 2015",Indiana,Gary,9300 block of Sunrise,2,4,http://www.nwitimes.com/news/local/lake/gary/gary-shootout-leaves-dead-several-wounded/article_c98c26ea-56f8-56bb-813d-5d5628587070.html,"GARY | A dispute over money at a Miller bar might have led to a neighborhood shooting that left two Gary men dead and four wounded, police said.The early morning dispute between two groups Saturday started at Murphy's Tavern, 5425 U.S. 12, Police Chief Wade Ingram said.One of the groups apparently went to another location to arm themselves with guns while the other group of eight went to a house in the 9300 block of Sunrise Boulevard, Ingram said.The group that went back to the Sunrise Boulevard home was congregating outside at 3:45 a.m. when at least one car without its headlights on drove by and began firing into the crowd.The dead have been identified by the Lake County coroner's office as Vincent E. Wainwright, 32, of the 9200 block of East 6th Avenue, and Da'Vaughn Pitts, 18, of the 300 block of North Lake Street.Wainwright died from a single gunshot and Pitts died from multiple gunshot wounds, the coroner's office reported.Wainwright was pronounced dead at 5 at the scene. Pitts was pronounced dead at 5:30 p.m. at the Methodist Hospitals Northlake Campus in Gary.Four others were shot in the incident, including a Portage woman and a Gary woman. The other two gunshot victims are Gary men.One of the wounded men is in critical condition, Ingram said.All of the wounded were transported to area hospitals.Investigating officers told witnesses to stay at the scene when one man began to run at 5:14 a.m. Officers stopped David Pitts, 20, and took him into custody after discovering he was carrying a handgun. David Pitts is the older brother of Da'Vaughn Pitts.Pitts was arrested and is being held on charges of resisting arrest and possessing a gun without a permit.Police are asking anyone with information about the shootings to contact Sgt. Dan Callahan, Detectives Alex Jones, Lorenzo Davis, Daryl Gordon or Simon Lillie at (219) 881-1210.Get local news delivered to your inbox!This is a map showing the locations of all the Gary homicides in 2013. There were a total of 55 homicides compared to the 43 homicides in 2012.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
180,96,409601,"September 7, 2015",Colorado,Denver,1909 Blake Street,0,4,http://www.westword.com/news/lodo-shootings-outside-club-beta-white-party-4-vics-no-named-suspects-7117643,"Support UsAbout Us,Contact Us,Staff,Careers,Circulation,Privacy,Terms,HelpWelcome,InsiderThe independent voice of Denver since 1977Support the independent voice of Denver and help keep the future of Westword free.On Friday, we posted on our Music blog about the13th annual White Party, a bash sponsored by the venerable 3Deep Productions crew that was set to featurerapper Wale and attendees clad in white— hence the name of the gathering.From what we hear, the party itself, which got underway at Club Beta, 1909 Blake Street, on Sunday night, September 6, went off without a hitch.But amid let-out during the wee hours of yesterday, September 7, shots rang out and four people were hurt. Their wounds were not life-threatening.At this writing, no arrests have been made in the shootings, and the Denver Police Department hasn't released any information about possible suspects despite the prevalence of surveillance cameras in this very busy section of Lower Downtown.Here's an excerpt from our preview post, written by Addison Herron-Wheeler:Denver’s infamous White Party, which gets its name from the fashion rule about wearing white after Labor Day, celebrates its 13th anniversary this year with a star-studded line-up.This year’s White Party, sponsored by 3Deep Productions and Ciroc, will take place as usual at Club Beta, on September 6, the night before Labor Day. To gain entry to the event, you must be decked out in your finest white club clothes. This party is a traditional marker of the end of summer, and the last big party of the season for Denver, so it usually generates quite a bit of hype.This year should be no different, as the famed Wale, who rose to success around the turn of the century with his hit “Dig Dug,” will be acting as the party’s host....“I love seeing everyone come out to BETA in their all-white, ready to party,” says Francois Baptiste of 3Deep Productions. “We have the best deejays, the number 1 club in the country and an incredible host to push excitement over the top. Each year the party grows bigger and better and that shows that Denver knows how to push the envelope and create one huge night of fun.”The photo shared by 3Deep that's on view atop this post shows attendees enjoying the sort of entertainment Baptiste promised.But around 2:30 a.m., shots rang out and four people — three women and one man — were hit.Cell-phone video shot by people in the vicinity captured images like this one.......as well as this striking, overhead view of the police response shot by Brian McCulley and aired by7News.McCulley told the station that law enforcers appeared to be looking into another shooting in the 18th and Arapahoe area and were surrounding a white SUV when the shots from near Club Beta rang out.The initial Denver Police Department tweet about the shooting was issued at 2:51 a.m. on the 7th; it spoke about just two victims.Later in the day, however, the DPD put out this followup about the people shot.Update-19th/Market Shooting: 3 female and 1 male victim. 2 treated and released, 2 still at hospital with non-life threatening injuries.A number of vehicles were hit by gunfire during the incident.So, too, was the window of The Wine Cellar LoDo:But while the damage is clear, who inflicted it is not.Indeed, investigators have floated the possibility that multiple shooters may have been involved. Thus far, however, the cops have not issued any reports about a person or persons taken into custody.Whatever the case, the violence is the latest to raise concerns about safety in LoDo, particular during the let-out period.Below, see reports about the shooting fromFox31,CBS4and7News.Keep Westword Free...Since we startedWestword, it has been defined as the free, independent voice of Denver, and we would like to keep it that way. Offering our readers free access to incisive coverage of local news, food and culture. Producing stories on everything from political scandals to the hottest new bands, with gutsy reporting, stylish writing, and staffers who've won everything from the Society of Professional Journalists' Sigma Delta Chi feature-writing award to the Casey Medal for Meritorious Journalism. But with local journalism's existence under siege and advertising revenue setbacks having a larger impact, it is important now more than ever for us to rally support behind funding our local journalism. You can help by participating in our ""I Support"" membership program, allowing us to keep covering Denver with no paywalls.Use of this website constitutes acceptance of ourterms of use, ourcookies policy, and ourprivacy policyThe Westword may earn a portion of sales from products & services purchased through links on our site from our affiliate partners.©2021 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved.CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:California Privacy Policy|California Collection Notice|Do Not Sell My InfoWe use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, and to enhance and customize content and advertisements. By clicking 'X' or continuing to use the site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. To find out more, visit ourcookies policyand ourprivacy policy.Join the Westword community and help support independent local journalism in Denver.Get the latest updates in news, food, music and culture, and receive special offers direct to your inboxBecome a member and go ad-free!Join the Westword community and help support independent local journalism in Denver.Get the latest updates in news, food, music and culture, and receive special offers direct to your inboxBecome a donor and go ad-free!"
181,100,408256,"September 5, 2015",Missouri,Columbia,1509 Ashley Street,0,4,http://www.columbiamissourian.com/news/local/arrest-made-in-vfw-shooting/article_2595face-74f7-11e5-9466-a3a56c30709b.html,"Occasional light rain. A few flurries or snow showers possible. High around 45F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%..Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Widespread frost likely. Low 29F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 2:09 pmOccasional light rain. A few flurries or snow showers possible. High around 45F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%..Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Widespread frost likely. Low 29F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 2:09 pmCOLUMBIA — Louis Lee Green Jr. was arrested Friday afternoon in connection with a September shooting at a VFW post.Green was arrested at 5:30 p.m. in the 700 block of Demaret Drive  and is being held on $500,000 cash-only bond. He faces four charges of first-degree assault and a felony armed criminal action charge.Police asked for the public's assistancein finding Green last month. Green is a suspect in a shooting at the VFW Post 280, 1509 Ashley St., during a promotional event for a hip-hop album, according to previous Missourian reporting.During the event, two men got into a fight and were pepper-sprayed by a post security officer,according to previous Missourian reporting. Green is suspected to be one of the men involved.Four people suffered gunshot wounds. Three people sustained injuries that weren't life threatening. One woman was hospitalized and had emergency surgery.Supervising editor isDaniela Sirtori-Cortina.Louis Lee Green Jr. faces four charges of first-degree assault as well as a felony charge of unlawful use of weapons and armed criminal action. He is considered to be armed and dangerous.Louis Lee Green Jr. faces four charges of first-degree assault as well as a felony charge of unlawful use of weapons and armed criminal action. He is considered to be armed and dangerous.I'm a state government reporter studying print & digital news and Spanish at the University of Missouri. See a detail I missed? Have a story tip to provide? Contact me at TSFGZ8@mail.missouri.edu or in the newsroom at 882-5720.Success!An email has been sent towith a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.Receive top local news and columns every morning. (View a sample.)Receive a roundup of the news of the day each evening. (View a sample.)A look back and a look ahead every Monday morning. (View a sample.)Get the latest Mizzou, local preps and other sports headlines every day. (View a sample.)Success!An email has been sent towith a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.Receive top local news and columns every morning. (View a sample.)"
182,104,403069,"August 28, 2015",New York,Brooklyn,589 Flatbush Avenue,1,3,https://nypost.com/2017/06/12/crips-gang-leader-arrested-for-murder-just-before-getting-out-of-prison/,"Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.Jury reaches verdict in trial of ex-cop for death of George FloydMetroByElizabeth RosnerandLia EustachewichSubmitJune 12, 2017|5:16pmA notorious Crips gang leader was arrested Monday – just as he was about to be sprung from prison – on fresh murder charges stemming froma 2015 hookah bar slaying in Brooklyn, authorities announced.Larry Pagett, the head of the Eight Trey Crips, was indicted by feds in Brooklyn for allegedly gunning down Chrispine Philip inside the Buda Hookah Lounge in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens.Prosecutors say surveillance video shows Pagett, 37, removing a gun in the crowded bar and shooting Philip several times in the back and head as he tried to flee.Pagett, aka “Biz,” “Biz Loc” and “Molotovbizzz,” was due to be released Monday after served two years for violating his supervised release through his involvement in Philip’s slaying. He had never been formally charged in the killing.He was arraigned in federal court in Williamsport, Pa. and will be transferred to Brooklyn to face charges.Read NextDe Blasio calls John Flanagan to end mayoral control stand...Share SelectionThis story has been shared 180,498 times.180,498This story has been shared 175,613 times.175,613This story has been shared 123,622 times.123,622© 2021 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights ReservedTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeYour Ad ChoicesSitemapYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal InformationYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal Information"
183,105,403669,"August 27, 2015",California,Salinas,928 Blanco Circle,2,2,http://www.ksbw.com/news/salinas-double-homicide-victims-suspect-identified/34976328,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.The man accused of stalking his estranged wife, attempting to kill her in Salinas, and slaying her aunt and uncle, was identified in court documents Friday morning.Court documents state that the suspected killer is Sammuel Ejaz, 50, of Garden Grove, Calif.Documents also identify the aunt and uncle who were shot to death Thursday morning outside a federal office building as Felicidad Legaspi, 51, of Salinas, and Oliver Legaspi, 64, of Salinas.Ejaz's 32-year-old estranged wife was not identified. She is recovering in a trauma center from gunshot wounds and is expected to recover.""She’s serious but stable. We know that law enforcement officers have talked to her again today, and she’s able to communicate with them,"" prosecutor Jeanine Paccione said.PHOTOS: Domestic violence erupts in Salinas quadruple shootingEjaz was booked into the Monterey County Jail on two counts of premeditated murder, attempted murder, and spousal abuse. Jail guards placed him on 24-hour suicide watch.Police Chief Kelly McMillin said Ejaz worked in health care and is of Pakistani descent. The wife and her family are Filipino.Neighbors of Felicidad Legaspi and Oliver Legaspi described the Salinas couple as hardworking and pleasant.""I’m shocked, I really am. They're really good people,"" said neighbor Gail Rapacon.At 8:45 a.m. Thursday, two people were murdered and two others critically wounded after a quadruple shooting unfolded outside the U.S. Social Security Administration office on the 900 block of Blanco Circle.""This incident was purely domestic violence,"" Police Cmdr. Vince Maiorana said.VIDEO: 2 dead, two wounded in Salinas shootingMaiorana said the husband and wife were having marital conflicts. The woman wanted to get away from her husband, so she drove from their Garden Grove home to Salinas to stay with her aunt, uncle, and cousin, he said.""The wife had come up to Salinas to get away from martial difficulties they were having in Southern California,"" Maiorana said.Ejaz decided to follow and stalk her, police said. He found her Thursday outside the Social Security office while she was with her family. They argued until Ejaz pulled out a 9mm handgun and opened fire on everyone, according to police.The woman's aunt and uncle died at the scene. Ejaz's wife and her 28-year-old cousin, Alfaro Legaspi, were also shot and rushed to a trauma center in critical condition.Witness Mark Keszler told KSBW that the gunman showed little emotion immediately after the shooting.""The scariest part of it was that he was so stoic. He just didn’t have any kind of emotion, anything in his face. That was really chilling. It was like watching a horror film,"" Keszler said.More than 10 people called 911. Officers surrounded and locked down the area. The suspected shooter was pointed out to officers by witnesses, and he was taken to the police station.""Our suspect completely confessed to what he did,"" Maiorana said.If convicted of premeditated murder with special circumstances, Ejaz could face the death penalty, prosecutor Jeanine Paccione said.""We haven’t charged it that way, but we have the opportunity to do that later,"" she said.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
184,106,401884,"August 26, 2015",Minnesota,Minneapolis (Brooklyn Center),5000 block of Drew Avenue North,0,4,http://www.fox9.com/news/4-suspects-at-large-4-hurt-in-brooklyn-center-minn-home-invasion,"BROOKLYN CENTER, Minn. (KMSP)-Brooklyn Center police are searching for 4 suspects after 4 people suffered gunshot wounds in an early morning home invasion. Just after 3 a.m. on the 5000 block of Drew Avenue North, the 4 victims -- 3 men and 1 woman -- were transported to an area hospital with non-life-threatening injures.On a street that rarely deals with crime, Tara Hubbard says a Brooklyn Center police officer woke her family up around 3:30 a.m. to say the next door neighbors had been shot.“I didn't think anything like this was going to happen,” she said.Investigators say four armed men burst into this house on the 5000 block of drew avenue early this morning, shot three men and one woman, searched the house, and took off.“And they're still out there and so it's even more scary,” Hubbard said.The female victim who lives there is Blanca Pimentel, she spoke to Fox 9 briefly on the phone from her hospital bed and says for now she does not want to reveal the identities of the other victims. But she did say they were all shot in the knee caps, nothing was stolen from her house, and she did not recognize her attackers.Advertisement“We have a basic description of 4 male suspects as being the suspects involved in the incident,” Cmdr. Tony Gruenig said. “This is basically all the information we have at this time.”None of the victims or suspects have been publicly identified at this time.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
185,107,402113,"August 26, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,3025 W. Van Buren Ave,2,2,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/second-man-charged-with-2015-double-murder-in-homan-park/,"Filed under:Bond was set at $1 million Saturday for the second man charged with a shooting that left two people dead and two more wounded at a West Side park last summer.Ricky Dortch, 29, was arrested Thursday and charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated battery with a firearm, all felonies, according to Chicago Police.The shooting happened at Horan Park in the 3000 block of West Van Buren at 10:36 a.m. Aug. 26, 2015, police said.The other man charged with the shooting, 19-year-old Frank Robinson, was recognized by witnesses who saw him out of his car before opening fire, Cook County prosecutors alleged at his bond hearinglast month.Kwamaine Lovette, 22, was shot in the chest and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he died at 11:37 a.m., according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office. Lovette lived in the 2900 block of West Wilcox.Kortney Blakes, 23, was shot in the head and taken to Stroger Hospital, where he died at 2:07 p.m., authorities said. He lived in the 3200 block of West Polk.Another 23-year-old man was shot in the upper left shoulder and a 22-year-old man in the right leg, police said. Both were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in good condition.Prosecutors said the shooting stemmed from a gang feud. Police have not detailed Dortch’s alleged involvement.Dortch, of the 2900 block of West Harrison, appeared in court Saturday, where Judge Laura Marie Sullivan set bond at $1 million, according to Cook County Circuit Court records. He is due in court again Tuesday.Robinson of Forest Park, remains held without bond. His next court date is scheduled for Sept. 20.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.La niña de primer grado estaba con su padre, Jontae Adams, cuando fue asesinada. Su padre recibió un disparo en el torso y se encuentra en estado grave en el Hospital Stroger.La mujer obligaba a los inmigrantes a trabajar en una fábrica local y a que le entregaran la mayor parte de sus cheques.El evento en Logan Square fue la primera gran manifestación en la ciudad desde que las autoridades publicaron videos de los momentos finales de Adam.Get the latest news on how COVID-19 is impacting Chicago and Illinois. Follow here for live updates.The board’s Executive Director Steve Sandvoss sent a letter to the board saying he will retire effective June 30, Charles Scholz, chair of the board, said during a virtual meeting of the Illinois Board of Elections Tuesday.Many police departments use a system calls FATS — Fire Arms Training Simulator — in which officers in training are presented with various scenarios in which they must decide in an instant whether to shoot or not shoot."
186,109,402108,"August 25, 2015",Louisiana,New Orleans,Fern Street and Olive Street,1,3,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/08/man_killed_in_quadruple_shooti.html,"New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A woman reacts at the scene as New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)Olive and Fern streets in New Orleans.New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A woman reacts at the scene as New Orleans Police investigate a quadruple shooting at Olive and Fern Streets that left one person dead on Tuesday, August 25, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)Olive and Fern streets in New Orleans.A 19-year-old man who was killed Tuesday (Aug. 25) in aquadruple shooting near Fern and Olive Streetshas been identified as Kentrell Jones by the Orleans Parish Coroner's Office.New Orleans police said Jones and three adult men were shot while standing on the corner around 7 p.m.Jones was pronounced dead at the scene. The three other victims arrived at the hospital via private conveyance.Police said they were looking for a dark-colored Ford F-150 truck that was seen leaving the shooting scene.Jones was amongtwo killed and six injuredin a violent four-hour span in New Orleans Tuesday.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
187,111,399883,"August 22, 2015",Florida,Orlando (Pine Hills),State Road 408,0,4,http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-three-shot-gas-station-pine-hills-20150822-story.html,"Three men walked into a Pine Hills gas station with gunshot wounds Saturday night as a fourth shooting victim was found about six miles away, officials said.The shooting victims, all in their 20s, were taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center where their conditions remain unknown, according to Lourdes Clayton, spokeswoman for the Orange County Sheriff's Office.The incident began unfolding around 8 p.m. when Orange County deputies responded to the ramp onto State Road 408 near Pine Hills Road in reference to a shooting, Clayton said.At the same time, three shooting victims walked into the Circle K on West Colonial Drive near Powers Drive, according to Clayton.The fourth shooting victim was found near Orange Center Boulevard and Goldwyn Avenue, Clayton said.Deputies said it's unclear where the victims were actually shot, but shell casings were found on the 408 ramp.Pine Hills Road was closed for several hours from Colonial Drive to the 408 as the investigation continued.An Orange County sheriff's helicopter was spotted flying overhead late Saturday night as deputies investigated the three active crime scenes.David HarrisRecommended"
188,112,399564,"August 22, 2015",New Mexico,Roswell,302 East Reed Street,3,1,http://rdrnews.com/wordpress/blog/2015/09/20/police-reports-reveal-homicide-details/,"Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.In order to provide you with the best experience, this site requires that you allow JavaScript to run. Please correct that and try again.In order to provide you with the best experience, this site requires that you allow JavaScript to run. Please correct that and try again."
189,113,399212,"August 21, 2015",North Carolina,Durham,2700 block of Hinson Drive,0,8,http://www.wral.com/eight-injured-in-durham-drive-by-shooting-no-arrests-made/14846369/,"If you previously used a social network to login to WRAL.com, click the “Forgot your password” link to reset your password.Biden praying for 'the right verdict' in Chauvin trialWhat the pandemic's new normal looks like around the world, according to readersMan killed in Durham shooting was son of retired deputy police chiefWhat the pandemic's new normal looks like around the world, according to readersHow to stay safe from more contagious coronavirus variantsEU agency links J&J shot to rare clots, says odds favor useDuke Institute highlights new '30x30' commitment for revised strategy in handling climate changeSea level rise drowning Eastern NC trees, leaving 'ghost forests,' reducing wildlife habitatFrost possible this week when temperatures plunge into the 30sGold: It's not the playoffs, yet.Bowman denies Hamlin with swift late move at RichmondRoberts homers twice in UNC's 10-9 win at No. 17 PittIt's 4/20. Cannabis stocks are smoking hotChip shortage means people waiting in line for Ford pickupsPackaging firm plans new jobs, $70M investment in Johnston CountyDRAUGHON DRAWS: Springing ahead and falling back at the same timeGARY PEARCE: Roy & Phil's excellent school adventureEditorial: Mike Sprayberry's best at preparing us for the worstCPSC issues warning, troubling video after child gets caught under Peloton Tread+These are the best cars of the yearPreventing scammers on Amazon from accessing your accountHow to stay safe from more contagious coronavirus variantsEU agency links J&J shot to rare clots, says odds favor useNeed a job? NC employers filling hundreds of positions this weekDurham's new selfie museum takes the art of selfie photos to the next levelBlack Restaurant Week starts this weekendBaby Goat Alert: Historic Oak View County Park welcomes Henry and OscarWRAL Evening NewsWake County Board of Education discusses future of Virtual AcademyWRAL WeatherCenter ForecastChauvin verdict expected at 4:30 p.m. Watch it live wherever you stream WRAL.—The jury has reached a verdict in the trial of former police officer Derek Chauvin for his role in the death of George Floyd last year. It is expected to be announced at 4:30 p.m.morePublished: 2015-08-21 23:55:00Updated: 2015-08-22 18:32:14Posted August 21, 2015 11:55 p.m. EDTUpdated August 22, 2015 6:32 p.m. EDTDurham, N.C.— A Durham neighborhood erupted into chaos Friday night after eight people were injured in a drive-by shooting that happened during a late-night cookout.According to Durham police, the shooting happened at about 10:30 p.m. at a home in the 2700 block of Hinson Drive.One person remained hospitalized in serious condition Saturday afternoon. The other seven people, including a second person who was taken to a local hospital, did not suffer life-threatening injuries, police said. Their names have not been released.Deanna Wilson, who lives on Hinson Drive, said she heard between 15 and 20 gunshots that sounded like ""a roll of firecrackers.""""You didn't hear anything but gunshots, and then you heard a bunch of yelling and commotion,"" she said. ""The whole neighborhood erupted into chaos. Everybody came out of their house. You only see stuff like that on TV.""No arrests have been made, but a Durham Police Department spokesman confirmed that officers had canvassed the neighborhood earlier Friday because of increased tensions that resulted from a separate shooting earlier this week.“They were out canvassing, just knocking on doors,” Wilson said.Authorities said Saturday that they are looking for a white vehicle that may have been involved in Friday’s incident.Anyone with information about the shooting should call Durham Crime Stoppers at 919-683-1200.Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards for information leading to arrests in felony cases and callers never have to identify themselves.Copyright 2018 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.©2021  Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc."
190,114,399367,"August 21, 2015",Ohio,Cincinnati,Mathis and Prentice,2,5,http://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/2015/08/22/police-5-injured-2-dead--madisonville-shooting/32189603/,"A man shooting at others at a Madisonville party late Friday was one of the two who died in the barrage of gunfire.Timothy Murphy, 30, was one of the shooters in the incident that also killed  Barry Washington, 56, and left five others injured, said Sgt. Mike Miller.Murphy was a suspect in a July incident also in Madisonville. In that incident, Murphy was accused of brandishing a handgun and threatening to shoot two women during a verbal altercation, according to court documents.Two survivors from the shooting Friday, Dale Pennington, 49, and Dewaun Wallace, 36, were acquainted with the shooters, according to police. The other victims, Wayne Evans, 52, Cameron Green, 23, and  Jerry Oliphant, 57, did not know the gunmen.Miller said the victims were not the intended targets but would not go further into detail because of the ongoing investigation.The shooting erupted at a party at Elks Lodge in the 6100 block of Prentice Street shortly at 11:57 p.m. Friday night.Neighbors reported hearing numerous shots.Eugene Warner, 83, who has lived in Madisonville for more than 30 years, said gunshots and screams woke him up. He said he heard more than 25 shots in a five-minute period.Around 30 or 40 people were at the party before when a fight broke out between a group at the party and an outside group, said Capt. Jeff Butler.The fight began in the bar area of the lodge and moved outside into the street, said Sgt. Mike Miller. The police incident report states that the five survivors were shot inside of the lodge.No arrests have been made in the shooting. Officers arrested three people for fighting at the scene.Washington's death at the shooting and Murphy's later at University of Cincinnati Medical Center were the 49th and 50th homicides in Cincinnati so far in 2015, according to Cincinnati Police Department data."
191,117,395757,"August 16, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,5400 block of West Division Street,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150816/austin/3-men-1-female-passerby-injured-austin-party-shooting-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Four people were left wounded after gunfire erupted at a party in Austin, police say.At 3 a.m. Sunday, three men were at a party in the 5400 block of West Division Street when an argument started, said Officer Bari Lemmon, Chicago Police spokeswoman. Shots were fired, striking the men and a woman who was driving by, Lemmon said.The woman, who is 25 years old, was treated at West Suburban Medical Center for a graze wound to her shoulder and is in good condition, Lemmon said.A 33-year-old man was shot in his leg and was in good condition at Loyola University Medical Center, Lemmon said. A 29-year-old man was shot in his armpit and was in serious condition at Mt. Sinai Hospital, Lemmon said, and a 26-year-old man was shot in his leg and was in good condition at West Suburban Medical Center.The four victims have been uncooperative with police, police said.No one is in custody for the shooting, Lemmon said.See DNAinfo's map of every shooting in Chicago since 2010.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
192,118,395718,"August 16, 2015",South Carolina,Bennettsville,Highway 38N,0,5,http://www.scnow.com/news/local/article_2e90d5ca-4a74-11e5-aece-4fce73bc32b5.html,"BENNETTSVILLE, S.C. -- A North Carolina man was arrested in connection with the shooting at the State Line Club in Bennettsville.Traquan D. Wall, 19, of 1324 Couthen Drive of Rockingham, North Carolina, was taken into custody Wednesday -- three days after the shooting -- by the Rockingham Police Department, according to a press release from the Marlboro County Sheriff's Office.Marlboro County Sheriff's Office investigators were able to piece together the events and found witnesses that came forward. Investigators obtained warrants on Wall and contacted the Rockingham Police for assistance.Rockingham Police also charged Wall with marijuana possession with the intent to distribute. Wall is awaiting extradition back to South Carolina and is in the NC Detention Center facing his current charges in North Carolina.He is charged in South Carolina with five counts of assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and possession of a firearm during the commission of a violent crime. Investigators met with Solicitor William B. Rogers Jr. on the case and charges.The case is still under investigation as to the motive and other violations inside the club. The MCSO and SLED are working with North Carolina law enforcement to get background on Wall and anyone else who may be involved.Traquan D. WallGet local news delivered to your inbox!FLORENCE, S.C.– A new shop will open soon at Magnolia Mall. Style It Williams’ planned opening is May 1 in the location previously occupied by Victoria's Secret.FLORENCE, S.C.– A new shop will open soon at Magnolia Mall. Style It Williams’ planned opening is May 1 in the location previously occupied by Victoria's Secret.FLORENCE, S.C.-- An eastern Florence County man is being treated for burns following a Saturday morning incident during which he was set alight.FLORENCE, S.C.-- An eastern Florence County man is being treated for burns following a Saturday morning incident during which he was set alight.EFFINGHAM, S.C.-- A pedestrian was struck and killed while walking on US 52 Sunday.EFFINGHAM, S.C.-- A pedestrian was struck and killed while walking on US 52 Sunday.FLORENCE, S.C. – Florence City Councilman Bryan Braddock says he learned a lesson in his first meeting on the council. Braddock spoke about his first Florence City Council meeting held Monday afternoon at Tuesday evening's Florence County Republican Party meeting. He said he learned that the five Democrats on the city council – Mayor Teresa Myers Ervin, Mayor Pro Tempore George Jebaily, and Council members Pat Gibson-Hye Moore, Lethonia ""Peaches"" Barnes, and Chaquez McCall – moved in unison to control what the council does. ""They got the initiative,"" Braddock said.FLORENCE, S.C. – Florence City Councilman Bryan Braddock says he learned a lesson in his first meeting on the council. Braddock spoke about his first Florence City Council meeting held Monday afternoon at Tuesday evening's Florence County Republican Party meeting. He said he learned that the five Democrats on the city council – Mayor Teresa Myers Ervin, Mayor Pro Tempore George Jebaily, and Council members Pat Gibson-Hye Moore, Lethonia ""Peaches"" Barnes, and Chaquez McCall – moved in unison to control what the council does. ""They got the initiative,"" Braddock said.FLORENCE, S.C. — The Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department are preparing to tackle crime in the area of the Inte…COLUMBIA, S.C.— Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, young adult deaths have been rare.COLUMBIA, S.C.— Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, young adult deaths have been rare.FLORENCE, S.C. – COVID-19 isn’t the only thing shutting down buildings in Florence County. Bats are too. Florence County Councilman Kent Caudle told the county council Thursday morning that the Environmental Discovery Center at Lynches River County Park has been shutdown due to bats.FLORENCE, S.C. – COVID-19 isn’t the only thing shutting down buildings in Florence County. Bats are too. Florence County Councilman Kent Caudle told the county council Thursday morning that the Environmental Discovery Center at Lynches River County Park has been shutdown due to bats.FLORENCE — Kelvia Baccus started out cleaning houses as a military wife. Now she runs her own business.FLORENCE, S.C. – Two companies are looking to invest a combined $46 million in Florence County.FLORENCE, S.C. – For the second time in four years, an All Saints Episcopal Day School teacher has been recognized by the South Carolina Independent School Association. The school announced Friday morning that 4K teacher Monica Moeckel has been named the 2021 SCISA Lower School Teacher of the Year.FLORENCE, S.C. – For the second time in four years, an All Saints Episcopal Day School teacher has been recognized by the South Carolina Independent School Association. The school announced Friday morning that 4K teacher Monica Moeckel has been named the 2021 SCISA Lower School Teacher of the Year.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
193,120,395694,"August 15, 2015",California,Los Angeles,57th Street and South Normandie Avenue,0,4,http://abc7.com/news/4-people-in-car-injured-after-gunman-opens-fire-in-south-los-angeles/935475/,"WATCHVIDEOSEmergency personnel are shown at the scene of a shooting at 57th Street and South Normandie Avenue in South Los Angeles on Saturday, Aug. 15, 2015.(KABC)"
194,121,395549,"August 15, 2015",South Carolina,Orangeburg,2868 Bamberg Road,1,3,http://thetandd.com/news/manager-says-club-will-fight-lawsuit-by-shooting-victim/article_fe16e27f-5a5d-53ca-9e32-c171d19ade3f.html,"The manager of Pit Stop Pub says the business is unfairly being singled out. ""We don't have more or less trouble than anyone else,"" he says. Incidents occur because of ""a few bad apples,"" he says, adding that 98 percent of the club's clients ""are good people.""A man injured in an August incident at an Orangeburg nightclub in which one person was killed is suing the club's owners for negligence in allowing a ""culture of lawlessness"" to prevail at the business.Maurice Jones, who was one of three people injured by gunshots during the early morning Aug. 15 incident, filed the lawsuit Aug. 26 against John W. Carter, Walter A. Pruitt and the Pit Stop Pub.The lawsuit claims the defendants ""allowed a general condition of lawlessness to exist on the premises, thereby putting patrons at risk of serious bodily injury, and that the risk was both known ... and reasonably foreseeable to them, based on the long history of violent crimes committed on the premises.""""If the alcohol licensing board can't close it, it is going to be individuals filing lawsuits and forcing them to change their ways,"" Jones' attorney Janek Kazmierski said.""We will fight it,"" Pit Stop Pub Manager Bobby Barfield said, describing the lawsuit as ""frivolous.""""Mr. Jones is wrong. He is completely wrong,"" Barfield said.The lawsuit comes on the heels of a fatal shooting Aug. 15 at the Pit Stop Pub, located about two miles south of Orangeburg. Nazdric Gates, 30, of Mt. Airy, North Carolina, was charged with killing 22-year-old Christavius De'Shean Darby of Orangeburg.Gates was taken into custody Aug. 26 by a joint task force made up of the U.S. Marshals Service and the Colorado Fugitive Task Force. He was found in Colorado Springs, Colorado.Gates faces a murder charge and three attempted murder charges as well as a weapons charge. He has yet to appear in court in Orangeburg County.The eight-page lawsuit contends the defendants ""took no actions to make improvements to the premises to make them reasonable safe for ... invitees.""The lawsuit goes on to say the defendants were ""willful, wanton, reckless, grossly negligent and negligent"" in failing to take the necessary precautions such as increasing security at the club and properly training employees to respond to criminal activity.Jones is seeking actual and punitive damages. A jury trial has been requested.Kazmierski said his client was shot through the left knee and was grazed on the right knee.""He is slowly recovering,"" the attorney said. ""His left leg is propped up ... and there is lack of sensation in the left leg below the knee. It is a significant injury. Whether he walks normally again is a question only time will tell.""He said Jones also suffered a flesh wound to his right upper hip and left shoulder.Jones was at the pub with a relative and was shot as he was getting ready to leave the premises, Kazmierski said.""He was not involved in any of the altercations and neither was the family member. He was truly an innocent bystander,"" the attorney said.Barfield feels the Pit Stop is being unfairly singled out.""Why just us?"" he said. ""I hear stories about every other club around all the time, but we are the ones in the paper. We don't have more or less trouble than anyone else.""Incidents occur because of ""a few bad apples,"" Barfield said, adding that 98 percent of the club's clients ""are good people.""""They don't cause any trouble,"" he said. ""They dance, have a good time and go home.""""We try to weed them out, but you can't read minds before something happens,"" Barfield said, noting those who cause trouble are thrown out of the club by security.Pit Stop Pub has five security personnel working on Friday nights and seven on Saturday nights, he said.""We can't be everywhere at all times and see everything,"" he added.Barfield said Orangeburg's Williams & Williams Law firm will represent the defendants in the case. The law firm declined comment Friday.Witnesses at the club on Aug. 15 say the shooter was in a physical altercation with a group of men, according to an Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office incident report. The men jumped the person matching Gates’ description in the parking lot behind the Pit Stop Pub.That’s when Gates allegedly opened fire on the men who had jumped him, then drove away in a tan Saturn with dark-tinted windows and chrome-rimmed tires.Darby, who was fatally shot, was a bystander, witnesses said.The lawsuit points to alleged criminal activity including shootings, stabbings, assaults, excessive drinking and loitering at the club over the past year.Thus far, Jones has been the only one to file a lawsuit, Kazmierski said. However, he said the Darby family is also planning to file a lawsuit once their estate is established. Kazmierski said this process could take two months or more.According to the Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office, deputies responded to Pit Stop Pub an average of 1.3 times a month over the past 11 years and that number has increased to twice a month this year.Earlier this year, three men were charged in two separate assaults that took place during a fight at the nightclub. One person ended up in ICU after the altercation.A few days before the fatal shooting, two people suffered stab wounds at the club and one had a broken jaw.Johnathan Gore, who lives near the Pit Stop Pub, appeared before Orangeburg County Council once in June and again in August expressing his concerns about the club and his desire to have it shut down. Other concerned citizens have also spoken out against the club.County officials say they are reviewing various ordinances to help address the situation with the club.This story has been corrected to reflect Maurice Jones is not a former employee of the Pit Stop Pub.Contact the writer:gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.comor 803-533-5551. Follow Zaleski on Twitter @ZaleskiTD.Get local news delivered to your inbox!Staff WriterGene Zaleski is a reporter/staff writer with The Times and Democrat.
To get local news all the time, become a member at https://thetandd.com/members/join/Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
195,122,392131,"August 10, 2015",California,Long Beach,1700 block of East 10th Street,0,4,http://abc7.com/news/4-people-hurt-in-apparent-drive-by-shooting-in-long-beach/921418/,"WATCHVIDEOSA police vehicle is parked near the scene of a shooting in the 1700 block of East 10th Street on Monday, Aug. 11, 2015.(KABC)"
196,124,391219,"August 9, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,15200 block of Hazelridge,1,3,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2015/08/10/dead-wounded-overnight-detroit-shootings/31403023/,"Detroit —Disputes between drug dealers are believed to be partially responsible for more than two dozen shootings in which three people were killed over the weekend, Detroit police said.From Friday through Sunday, gunfire wounded 26 people across the city, according to police.“Almost half of these cases, we believe, have a narcotics nexus,” Sgt. Cassandra Lewis said Monday afternoon.Lewis said investigators don’t believe any of the shootings are related to each other, despite the involvement of drugs in some of them.“We don’t have anything that connects these cases,” she said. “But there were several shootings with multiple victims.”From Sunday evening into Monday morning, police reported two fatal shootings and 15 nonfatal shootings.One of the fatal shootings occurred around 8:40 p.m. Sunday at West McNichols and Parkside on the city’s west side.“Witnesses reported that they heard shots and observed the suspect running in an alley,” Officer Nicole Kirkwood said. “The suspect is a black male, about 5-foot-8, with short hair, wearing a green shirt and blue jeans.”The victim was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead, Kirkwood said.According toWDIV-TV(Channel 4), the 51-year-old was shot after an argument inside a liquor store at West McNichols and Wildemere. The suspect forced the victim at gunpoint into the victim’s vehicle, police said. The victim began to drive but was shot about a block away while attempting to escape.The suspect ran eastbound, according to the report. Police are investigating with help from eyewitnesses and surveillance video from inside the liquor store.About two hours later, a 25-year-old man was killed at 10:50 p.m. on the 15200 block of Hazelridge near Kelly on the city’s east side, Kirkwood said.Three other male victims, ages 24, 25, and 41, were wounded in the shooting.Further details about the incident are unclear as police continue to investigate, Kirkwood said.Police confirmed the two fatalities were a small fraction of the shootings that occurred late Sunday into early Monday morning.Four other overnight incidents left eight people wounded, police said.A 15-year-old girl was shot in a drive-by around 11:20 p.m. on the 15000 block of Manor, Officer Dan Donakowski said. She was standing outside when an unknown suspect opened fire from inside a dark-colored vehicle, possibly a Dodge Caravan.Ten minutes later, two women were shot at 11:30 p.m. on the 300 block of Rosedale, Donakowski said. The women, ages 26 and 25, heard the gunshots and felt pain while standing on a porch.Two men, ages 28 and 25, were shot around 12:30 a.m. on Yacama near Remington, Donakowski said.“Unknown suspects pulled up in a dark-blue minivan, and the sliding door on the passenger side opened up,” he said. “Someone inside started firing shots.”The 28-year-old victim was in temporary-serious condition and the 25-year-old victim was stable Monday.About a half-hour later, three people were shot at 1:05 a.m. on the 2000 block of Cadillac, Donakowski said. The 19-year-old man, 38-year-old woman and 21-year-old woman were standing outside when they were wounded.Two vehicles may have been involved in the Cadillac shooting, including a Chevy Trailblazer. The three victims were in temporary-serious condition.Details about at least four additional people shot overnight were not immediately available.HFournier@detroitnews.com(313) 223-4616@HollyPFournier"
197,129,390050,"August 7, 2015",Vermont,Barre (Berlin),3182 Airport Rd,4,0,http://www.pressherald.com/2017/11/15/vermont-woman-who-killed-three-relatives-social-worker-sentenced-to-life/,"Sign inorSubscribeSee OffersJody Herring was seeking revenge after losing custody of her 9-year-old daughter in 2015.BARRE, Vt. — A Vermont woman who shot and killed a state social worker and three of her own relatives as revenge for losing custody of her then 9-year-old daughter was sentenced Wednesday to life without parole.Vermont Superior Court Judge John Pacht announced the sentence at the end of a three-day hearing for Jody Herring, 43.Herring shot and killed Lara Sobel, a social worker as she was leaving work at the state’s Department for Children and Families in Barre on Aug. 7, 2015. Police later discovered that she also had killed her two cousins, sisters Rhonda and Regina Herring, and an aunt, Julie Falzarano, in their Berlin home.The shootings rattled the small state, which has been among the safest states in the country, and led to fears among social workers, threats against them and changes in security measures at state office buildings.“The case had consequences far beyond the severe damage it has done to the four individuals who were killed and their extended families,” said Matthew Levine, an assistant state attorney general who helped prosecute the case.“By targeting Lara Sobel as a DCF worker at her place of employment, she was really assaulting the justice system as a whole,” he said.Relatives of those killed spoke of how the murders ripped their lives and families apart.Randy Herring, who lost his two sisters and mother, said doctors have told him he has depression and post-traumatic stress disorder.“My wife told me that she lost her husband because I can no longer feel happiness,” he said.Herring pleaded guilty in July to three counts of second-degree murder and one count of first-degree murder. Prosecutors say she has shown no remorse.Herring’s attorney, David Sleigh, had asked the judge for leniency because Herring has suffered a lifetime of abuse and had reached out unsuccessfully to state officials for help.Levine said the evidence didn’t support Sleigh’s argument.“The reality is that childhood abuse, substance abuse, mental health problems are all too common in our society, and while we should do everything we can to combat them, they don’t and shouldn’t justify, excuse or mitigate a planned brutal, savage, multiple murder,” he said.Herring spoke in court, saying she understands how it feels to lose a child because she has lost custody of three children.“I’m very sorry. I can’t take back that day,” Herring said.Success. Please wait for the page to reload. If the page does not reload within 5 seconds, please refresh the page.Enter your email and password to access comments.Forgot Password?Don't have a Talk profile?Create one.Hi{SUB NAME}, to comment on stories you mustcreate a commenting profile. This profile is in addition to your subscription and website login.Already have one?Login.Invalid username/password.Please check your email to confirm and complete your registration.Create a commenting profile by providing an email address, password and display name. You will receive an email to complete the registration. Please note the display name will appear on screen when you participate.Already registered?Log into join the discussion.Only subscribers are eligible to post comments. Pleasesubscribeorloginto participate in the conversation.Here’s why.Use the form below to reset your password. When you've submitted your account email, we will send an email with a reset code.Send questions/commentsto the editors.Alerts for major local, national and world news, plus local weather and traffic info, delivered to you."
198,131,389149,"August 4, 2015",Missouri,Saint Louis,2500 block of Semple,1,4,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/two-men-killed-wounded-in-overnight-shootings-in-st-louis/article_5d1e6dce-ee47-5da2-8a78-65e0283841fc.html,"ST. LOUIS• Another violent night in St. Louis has claimed the lives of at least two men and injured eight other people in six shootings, police say.Just before 8 p.m. Tuesday, Quincy Hardy, 37, was fatally shot in the 4700 block of Greer Avenue, near Natural Bridge Avenue and North Kingshighway Boulevard, police said. Hardy, who lived in the 2400 block of Sharidge Drive in Jennings, was found lying unconscious in the street with a gunshot wound to his chest. He was pronounced dead at the crime scene. Police said Hardy had what detectives believe were drugs when he was found. Witnesses told police they heard gunfire and saw a black sport utility vehicle drive off.Three hours later, about 11:15 p.m., Dominique Young, 21, was fatally shot and four people wounded in a drive-by shooting in the 2500 block of Semple Avenue, the same block whereDorain Valentine, 23, of St. Louis, was killedin a shooting about 4:30 a.m. Sunday. Along with Young, two women, 40 and 27 years old, and two men, both 23, also were shot. The victims told police they were standing near a front porch when shots were fired from a passing four-door sedan. Police said the surviving victims were listed as ""stable"" at hospitals. It was not immediately clear if Tuesday's and Sunday's shootings were connected.Twenty minutes later, a man, 30 suffered a graze wound to his stomach as he was walking in the 3700 block of Ohio Avenue, police said. He refused medical treatment.At 1:25 a.m., a man, 62, was shot in the arm at Montclair and Etzel avenues. Police said the man and a 40-year-old woman were sitting in a vehicle when six men approached the vehicle, banging on the outside while one of them pointed a gun at the victims and demanded property. As the male victim backed up the car in an attempt to get away, the gunman fired shots, hitting the driver in the shoulder. The victims drove to a hospital seeking treatment. Police said he was ""stable.""Then a man, 43, was hit by gunfire in his right side in the 5200 block of Maple Avenue about 2:20 a.m. Police said he was in a vehicle when a gunman approached. The man feared being robbed and tried to drive off when the shooter fired multiple shots, hitting him in the chest, police said. The victims went to a gas station in the 900 block of Goodfellow Boulevard where someone called for help. The man was taken to a hospital where he was in critical but stable condition.About 4:40 a.m., a man was shot near West Florissant and Genevieve avenues. Police said arriving officers found the man, 34, suffering from gunshot wounds to his upper torso and thighs. Police said he was in critical and stable condition Wednesday night. Police had no suspects.The city has had at least 119 homicides so far this year, a more than 60 percent increase over the same time last year. The city is on pace to have 200 homicides this year.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Joel Currier is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow him on Twitter here: @joelcurrier.At least three fatal shootings have occurred in the 2500 block of Semple Avenue this year.At least three fatal shootings have occurred in the 2500 block of Semple Avenue this year.Track each of the homicides in the region.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
199,132,387194,"August 3, 2015",New York,Brooklyn,98 Dwight Street,0,5,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/cops-bust-4th-suspect-drive-by-killed-unborn-baby-article-1.2343998,"A fourth arrest was made in a drive-by shooting in Brooklyn that left an unborn baby dead and the mother seriously injured.Ronald Williams, 22, was busted three weeks after Elijah Wells, Quamari McAllister and Marquise Frederickswere arrested for allegedly shooting five people at the Red Hook Houseson Aug. 3.One of the victims of the Dwight St. shooting was Special-Caijae Houston, who was five months pregnant and is still in the hospital, officials said.Williams was ordered held without bail Monday for a laundry list of charges including attempted murder.All four have pleaded not guilty.If convicted, they each face up to 25 years in prison."
200,133,385779,"August 2, 2015",New York,Brooklyn,Stanley Avenue and Crescent Street,0,9,http://abc7ny.com/news/gunmen-sought-after-9-shot-in-brooklyn;-total-of-19-shot-over-weekend-in-nyc/898447/,WATCHLIVEBrooklyn Borough President launches 'Take Five to Stay Alive' campaign
201,134,386140,"August 2, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,2700 block of Garrison Avenue,0,7,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bal-7-shot-in-single-incident-in-w-baltimore-neighborhood-20150802-story.html,"Seven people were shot — all of them in the leg — in a single incident overnight on Baltimore's west side, police said early Sunday.Police responded to an area hospital at 2:26 a.m. Sunday, where five people walked in with gunshot wounds. Shortly thereafter, officers encountered two additional victims from the same incident — which police said transpired in the 2700 block of Garrison Avenue in the Central Park Heights neighborhood.All seven victims suffered gunshot wounds to their legs, and were listed in stable condition, police said.The victims included 20- and 23-year-old women, and men ranging in ages from 22 to 25.Northwest District detectives are investigating and anyone with information may call 410-396-2466.The shootings transpired amid a violent two-hour span in Baltimore in which 10 people were shot and one man was killed.The homicide was the second of the first weekend in August after45 people were killed in July— equaling the most in a given monthin at least four decades.sjwelsh@baltsun.comTwitter.com/seanjwelshEditor's note:This story has been updated from an earlier version, which — based upon information from Baltimore police — misstated the block in which the shooting occurred.Recommended"
202,135,385824,"August 2, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,4800 block of West Kamerling Avenue,1,4,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-violence-shootings-20150801-story.html,"Three men have died and at least 12 other people have been wounded in separate shootings since Saturday afternoon across the city, police said.A 21-year-old man and a 31-year-old man were shot early Sunday along the lakefront on the South Side and one of them died. The younger man was pronounced dead at 9:40 a.m. at Northwestern Memorial Hospital, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office.He was later identified by the Cook County medical examiner's office as Vaughn King, Jr., of the 1000 block of North Milwaukee Avenue in Chicago (updated on 8-10-2015).The men were critically wounded in a shooting about 3:15 a.m. Sunday in the Oakland community area on the South Side, said Officer Ronald Gaines, a spokesman for the Chicago Police Department. They were sitting on the lakefront in the 4300 block of South Lake Shore Drive when two gunmen walked up to them and fired gunshots, Gaines said.The 31-year-old was hit four times in the stomach and once in the arm and was taken to Stroger Hospital. The 21-year-old was wounded in the abdomen and was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Both were initially listed in critical condition.Another fatal shooting occurred about 5 a.m. Sunday in the 11700 block of South LaSalle Street in the city's West Pullman neighborhood, according to Officer Janel Sedevic, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Police.The 20-year-old victim was found unresponsive in an alley with multiple gunshot wounds to the back, according to Sedevic. The man was dead on the scene, according to the medical examiner's office.He was later identified as Chris Green, of the 12000 block of South Parnell Avenue in Chicago, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. (updated on 8-10-2015).Area South detectives are investigating.Separately, a 22-year-old man was shot to death and four other people were hurt in a shooting at a house party at 1:03 a.m. Sunday in the North Austin neighborhood on the West Side, Gaines said.All five men were at a house party outside with several other people in the 4800 block of West Kamerling Avenue when two male attackers walked up and fired shots into the crowd, police said.A 22-year-old man was shot in the head and was pronounced dead at the scene, Gaines said. He was later identified by the Cook County medical examiner's office as Spencer Stewart, of the 3600 block of West 80th Street in Chicago (updated on 8-10-2015).A 22-year-old man was struck in the back and chest and was taken in critical condition to Mount Sinai Hospital, Gaines said.A 20-year-old man was shot in the stomach and was also taken to Mount Sinai, where his condition stabilized.A 19-year-old woman was shot in the thigh and was taken to Stroger Hospital in serious condition, police said.A 24-year-old man was grazed in the arm and was treated and released by paramedics at the scene, Gaines said.Nobody was in custody as a result of the shooting, and police were still investigating.Police officers cordoned off about a half-block of Kamerling Avenue with yellow tape.The body of the 22-year-old man who was killed lay in the front yard of a one-story home.Minutes after the shooting, dozens of partygoers and neighbors gathered on both sides of the crime scene at the street, which is lined with red brick bungalows on both sides.Kiera Robinson, 18, said she and her three friends just arrived at the house party and were walking through a crowd of people outside when two gunmen walked out of a gangway across from the house and fired shots.""I just stared and stood there for a minute,"" said Robinson, adding that she heard about 10 gunshots. ""I didn't know what to do.""Once gunfire erupted, chaos ensued and people started running away, she said.Robinson, who lives in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, said she has witnessed shootings before. But the shooting early Sunday was the first time she saw someone die in front of her.""I just want to get outta (Chicago),"" Robinson said.Neighbor Ozzy Rendon, 23, said he was talking to his girlfriend on the front porch of his home when he heard about eight gunshots.Rendon, who grew up in Humboldt Park, said he moved to the neighborhood about three months ago with his family because of the affordable housing prices.""I'm used to (the shootings),"" Rendon said as he stood outside his home early Sunday morning. ""It's another night in Chicago.""At least nine were wounded in other shootings since Saturday afternoon.• A 17-year-old male was wounded around 5 a.m. Sunday in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, police said. The teenager was standing on a corner in the 4300 block of South Wells Street when he heard gunshots and realized he was struck in the groin, police said. He was taken to St. Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center, where his condition stabilized.The teen is being uncooperative with the police, and no other information was available about the shooting.• About midnight, a 31-year-old woman was wounded in a shooting in the Washington Park neighborhood on the South Side, Gaines said. The woman was outside in the 5200 block of South Calumet Avenue when she heard gunshots and noticed a cut behind her ear, Gaines said. The woman suffered a graze wound and was treated and released by paramedics on the scene.• Around 9:55 p.m. Saturday, a 25-year-old woman was critically hurt after getting shot in the South Austin neighborhood on the West Side, Gaines said. The woman was driving a car in the 5200 block of West Adams Street when she heard gunshots and realized she was struck in the neck, Gaines said. She was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition, Gaines said.• About 9:30 p.m. Saturday, a 48-year-old woman walked into Weiss Memorial Hospital after getting shot in the Uptown neighborhood on the North Side, Gaines said. The woman was shot in the abdomen in the 5000 block of North Kenmore Avenue.She was transferred to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where her condition stabilized, Gaines said.No other information about the shooting was immediately available.In that same neighborhood about 24 hours earlier about 4:20 a.m. Friday, a 21-year-old man was seriously hurt after getting shot in the backon the same block of North Kenmore Avenue,police said.• Around 8:30 p.m. Saturday, a 20-year-old man was shot in the shoulder and chest while he was outside in the 7700 block of South Chappel Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood, police said. The man was listed in serious-but-stable condition at Stroger Hospital, Gaines said.• Around 6:40 p.m. Saturday, a 28-year-old man was shot in the leg in the Burnside neighborhood on the South Side, Gaines said. The man was in the 8800 block of South Cottage Grove Avenue when he was shot. He was taken to Jackson Park Hospital and Medical Center, where his condition stabilized, Gaines said.• An 18-year-old man was shot in the hand about 3:05 p.m. Saturday in the 400 block of North Lawler Avenue, police said. The man went on his own to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, where he was in good condition. The man told police he was walking in the area when he heard shots and felt pain, police said.No one was immediately in custody as a result of the shootings, and police were investigating.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
203,136,386066,"August 2, 2015",Georgia,Savannah,Barnard Street,0,5,http://m.wtoc.com/wtoc/db/350145/content/lTj70D7u,"P.O. Box 8086Savannah GA 31412(912) 234-1111A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
204,137,401742,"August 2, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,6700 block of South Winchester Avenue,0,4,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-shooting-violence-20150802-story.html,"At least 15 people were shot, including a 5-year-old girl and a 7-year-old boy, in shootings across Chicago between Sunday afternoon and early Monday morning, according to police.The largest single shooting incident Sunday evening occurred in the West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side when four men were shot in the 6700 block of South Winchester Avenue, accroding to Officer Ron Gaines, a police spokesman. At 9:50 p.m., someone approached them, fired shots, and fled, said Gaines.A 25-year-old man was shot in the buttocks and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center; a 25-year-old man was shot in the back and taken to Stroger Hospital; a 19-year-old man was shot in the leg, arm and finger and taken to Stroger; and a 24-year-old man was shot in the back, buttock, leg and finger and taken to Christ. All their conditions had stabilized except for the 25-year-old taken to Stroger, whose condition was unknown, police said.A strong wind swept through the cul-de-sac where they were shot Sunday night, whipping crime scene tape back and forth and muffling the voices of neighbors who had gathered on their porches and stoops.Ten people and a small dog were clustered on a porch right next to the scene. One woman tried to calm a crying baby by pointing out the flashing lights on parked police cars.""Look at the blue lights? See the blue lights?"" she said.In other shootings:•  At 1:40 a.m. Monday, a 20-year-old man was shot, also in West Englewood neighborhood, Gaines said. He was in the 6300 block of South Bell Avenue when he was shot in the leg, said Gaines, who did not immediately have information on the circumstances of the shooting. The man was transported to Holy Cross Hospital, where his condition was stabilized.• At 9:30 p.m. Sunday, a 19-year-old man was shot in the Cabrini Green neighborhood on the Near North Side, Gaines said. He was out in the 800 block of North Hudson Avenue when a white vehicle pulled up and someone inside began firing shots, said Gaines. The man began running away when he realized he had been shot in the hip. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition stabilized.• A 7-year-old boy and a 19-year-old man told police they were shot at about 8:45 p.m. Sunday in the Belmont Central neighborhood on the Northwest Side, Gaines said. They were inside a vehicle near the 2500 block of North Parkside Avenue when a gray vehicle approached and someone inside fired shots, Gaines said. The boy was shot in the shoulder and the man had a graze wound to the head. They took themselves to Community First Medical Center.• A 5-year-old girl was shot in the leg about 8:40 p.m. Sunday in the 5600 block of South Bishop Street in the city's Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, Gaines said. Police initially said the girl was 7 years old. She was shot during a fight between two other people, one of whom pulled a gun and began shooting, then fled in a white SUV. The girl was hit in the leg and taken to University of Chicago Comer Children's Hospital in serious condition.• Earlier, two women and a man were shot about 7:55 p.m. Sunday in the 8300 block of South Brandon Avenue in The Bush neighborhood on the South Side, said Officer Thomas Sweeney, a Chicago police spokesman. A 34-year-old woman was shot in the back and taken to Northwestern Memorial; a 39-year-old woman was shot in the leg and buttocks and taken to Stroger; and a 26-year-old man was shot in the abdomen and taken to Christ, said Gaines.• A 16-year-old boy was shot in the foot and a 23-year-old man was shot in the leg when someone inside a passing vehicle fired shots about 7:15 p.m. Sunday in the 200 block of West 108th Street in the Roseland neighborhood on the Far South Side, said Sweeney. The two got themselves to Roseland Community Hospital, where they were in good condition, Sweeney said.• A 17-year-old boy was shot about 4 p.m. Sunday in the 600 block of East Pershing Road in the Ida B. Wells / Darrow Homes neighborhood on the South Side. The boy suffered a wound to his leg and was taken to Northwestern Memorial, where he was listed in good condition, Sweeney said. Police said the victim was uncooperative and the shooting may have been gang-related.No one was in custody, and police were investigating.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
205,138,386937,"August 1, 2015",Florida,Orlando,5801 Shenandoah Way,0,4,http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-victor-hernandez-shot-eye-orlando-20150803-story.html,"When Gloria Perez returned home from doing laundry Saturday night, she saw her 10-year-old grandson running toward her car while screaming and covering his bleeding left eye.The boy, Victor Hernandez, had been hit by a stray bullet about 7:30 p.m. while looking out of his bedroom window at a fight outside his residence at Pacifico Place Apartments on Shenandoah Way in east Orlando.He was rushed to Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children with likely permanent damage to his left eye.Meanwhile, three others showed up at a local hospital with gunshot wounds about 15 minutes later.The three were identified as a 17-year-old boy, Louis Suarez, 21, and Diego Hernandez, whose age wasn't released by police.A police update Monday included surveillance photos ""of interest"" of the vehicles in the parking lot at the time of the shooting.One of the wounded victims didn't cooperate with detectives. While another said he heard a verbal altercation and gunfire before realizing he was shot.The 17-year-old boy was arrested Sunday on a warrant, a police spokeswoman said, but the charges weren't immediately available.Additional details emerged Monday in the police report.Perez declined comment Monday. But her account, along with other witnesses, were included in the report. The incident happened about 7:30 p.m., according to police, when a fight broke out in the parking lot of Pacifico Place Apartments — near Semoran Boulevard and Lake Underhill Road.Witnesses said they heard between seven and 15 gunshots.One witness looked out of her window and saw a man hop the fence in front of her home on nearby Diego Street to get to an apartment complex beside hers. She eventually lost sight of him but later saw two vehicles speed away from the area.Another witness was sitting in a vehicle on nearby Pablo Lane — waiting for her mother to come downstairs — when she heard shots.She then heard a man say, ""Let's go! Let's go! I got it!"" The man, who was limping, jumped inside a vehicle and sped away. Police found several vehicles with bulletholes. There was one gunshot through the window of the 10-year-old boy's bedroom.""I could see blood trails all along the hallways and in the parking lots,"" an officer said in the report.twalden@tribpub.comRecommended"
206,139,384662,"July 30, 2015",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh,Brushton Avenue,0,4,http://www.wtae.com/news/12yearold-shot-in-homewood-north/34453952,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.A 12-year-old boy remained in critical condition Friday after a shooting that also injured three other people on Brushton Avenue in Homewood North.Zaire Thomas was shot in the back and the leg Thursday night, his mother told Pittsburgh's Action News 4. A bullet pierced the boy's liver and his spleen, which was removed in surgery, she said.VIDEO:Watch Sheldon Ingram's reportA person who heard the gunfire told Pittsburgh's Action News 4 that he rushed over to help Zaire as the boy was driven to the hospital in a private vehicle.""I heard the shots outside and I heard a lot of screaming,"" said the man, who did not want to be identified. ""I saw a little boy on the ground, and we rushed him to the hospital and I put pressure on the wound. He said, 'I'm OK, just get me to the hospital.'""""A 12-year-old gets shot? When is the violence going to stop?"" the man said, adding that he hears gunshots ""every other day"" in the area.Zaire's mother said a small group of people was standing near her house and talking when the gunman walked by and started firing. She said they did not recognize him. A Pittsburgh Public Safety spokeswoman said the shooter wore all black clothing.Authorities said a female victim also suffered a gunshot wound. Two other victims were grazed and also went to the hospital.No arrests have been made.PHOTOS:Allegheny County's 20 most wanted fugitivesHearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
207,142,382170,"July 26, 2015",Louisiana,New Orleans,Piety and Treasure street,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/07/4_shot_in_assault_rifle_attack.html#incart_story_package,"New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.New Orleans police said a man with an assault rifle opened fire on a group of people at Samson Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets around 6:20 p.m. Sunday (July 26, 2015), leaving at least one man critically wounded.A man armed with an assault rifle opened fire at a crowded park in Desire Sunday (July 26), shooting at least four people, including a man left critically wounded, New Orleans police said.Theattack came around 6:20 p.m., when Edith Sampson Playground Park at the corner of Piety and Treasure streets was crowded with family gatherings and several children were playing inside two inflatable ""space walkers,"" witnesses said.""I was scared for my life,"" said one woman, who asked that her name be withheld for fear of retaliation. ""All those children was out there. I just got down and was saying, 'Everybody lay on the ground!' It was sad.""One man, described as about 28 to 30 years old, was gravely wounded in the attack, suffering multiple gunshot wounds to his chest and side, police said. He was transported by New Orleans EMS ambulance to Interim LSU Hospital in critical condition, NOPD spokesman Officer Frank Robertson said.""He was covered in so much blood, I honestly couldn't even see the entry wounds,"" said one man who came to his aid until rescuers arrived. ""He lost a lot of blood. And he's not a large fella.""The man, who also declined to give his name, said the victim was ""gagging for air"" as blood from his wounds appeared to flow into his lungs. Police did not have an immediate update on the wounded man's condition.""It was terrifying for the children,"" the man said. ""They was all crying to be taken home.""Another man and two women also suffered gunshot wounds, but were transported to Tulane Medical Center in private vehicles. Police said their injuries did not appear to be life-threatening. The older of the two women, who is believed to be in her mid-50s, was shot in the arm, according to the woman who asked that her name be withheld.A fifth person also was reportedly hurt, but NOPD 5th District Cmdr. Christopher Goodly said investigators were waiting to learn if the injury was from a gunshot or some other cause in the chaotic attempt to find safety.Goodly said the shooter entered the park at the corner of Treasure and Piety, emerging from the front passenger seat of a black sedan, believed to be an Acura TL with darkly tinted windows and a rear spoiler. The suspect was described as having long dreadlocks and was last seen wearing a white tank top and khaki-colored shorts or pants.After firing several shots, the gunman retreated to the car and escaped eastbound on Treasure Street, Goodly said. At least two suspects, including the shooter, were believed to be in the car, he said.Goodly said Housing Authority of New Orleans (HANO) police were nearby and responded immediately to the scene. NOPD and New Orleans EMS responders quickly followed, he said.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
208,143,381433,"July 25, 2015",Virginia,Hopewell,500 block of N. 7th Ave,0,4,http://www.nbc12.com/story/29682598/police-make-arrest-in-shotgun-shooting-that-injured-4-in-hopewell,"HOPEWELL, VA (WWBT) - Hopewell Police arrested a man they say fired a shotgun that injured four people.William Timothy Faust, 24, is charged with aggravated malicious wounding, use of a firearm in the commission of a felony and brandishing a firearm.According to police, the shooting happened in the 500 block of N. 7th Ave. around 12:36 a.m.on July 25. Four people were struck by pellets from the shotgun. All four victims were treated at local hospitals for non-life threatening injuries.The victims originally said a car pulled up to the intersection and an unknown person fired a single shotgun blast from inside the vehicle. However, police say this was fabricated by the victims - Faust knew the victims, and he retrieved a shotgun from the vehicle and shot the victims after an argument.Copyright 2015WWBTNBC12. All rights reservedReport an ErrororSubmit a Tip to NBC125710 Midlothian TurnpikeRichmond, VA 23225(804) 230-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
209,144,382413,"July 24, 2015",Pennsylvania,Erie,200 block of W 29th St,2,5,http://www.wpxi.com/news/top-stories/1-convicted-1-acquitted-in-teen-slaying-at-2015-erie-party/690239608,"ERIE, Pa. (AP) — One man has been convicted of first-degree murder and another was acquitted in the 2015 shooting death of a teenager in Pennsylvania.The Erie Times-News reports that jurors deliberated for nearly seven hours before convicting 20-year-old Keshawn McLaurin and acquitting 21-year-old Demond Mitchell on Friday.TRENDING NOW:A judge acquitted 20-year-old Jahaun Jones and 22-year-old Stephen Russell on Thursday after a prosecution witness failed to appear.All were charged in the July 2015 death of 16-year-old Shakur Franklin, who was killed by gunfire from a sport utility vehicle driving through an Erie party. Four other people were wounded. Another teen was killed in a separate shooting.Three defendants said they weren't at the scene. McLaurin's lawyer acknowledged that his client was there but said he had nothing to do with the shooting."
210,145,380162,"July 23, 2015",Louisiana,Lafayette,3141 Johnson Street,3,9,http://www.theadvertiser.com/story/news/2015/07/24/update-shooting-investigation-leads-police-motel/30608859/,"5:20 p.m.At a press conference at 5:15 p.m. Friday, Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft said shooter John Russell Houser exited the Grand Theatre through a side door after shooting several people.When he saw a police unit pull into the parking lot, Houser re-entered the theater and fired three more rounds, then a fourth, that took his own life, Craft said.Fifteen shell casings were recovered in various parts of the theater, he said.""That was an horrific scene,"" Col. Mike Edmonson, Louisiana State Police, said.Houser purchased a 40-caliber semi-automatic handgun at a Phenix City, Alabama, pawn shop in February 2014, Craft said.It's still unclear why Houser was in Lafayette. Craft said he entered Louisiana around July 2 or 3 and visited various locations up and down the interstate.""He was out and about. We know he was doing some drinking,"" Craft said. ""He was circulating while he was here.""Houser appears to have visited Lafayette more than once, possibly looking for 'a soft target,"" he said.Five people shot by Houser inside the theater remain hospitalized, Craft said. Four have been treated and released.2 p.m.Three shooting victimsremained hospitalizedat Lafayette General Medical Center on Friday, but officials said all three are in stable condition and expected to be released in a few days.The hospital received five patients from the scene of the shooting Thursday night, said David Callecod, president of Lafayette General Health. Three of the patients were transported by ambulance, while two were brought via private vehicle.Callecod said all five victims had sustained gunshot wounds. Three were classified as Level One trauma patients, while one was a Level Two trauma patient.12:18 p.m.Grand Theater headquarters released this statement following last night's shooting:“All of us offer our thoughts and prayers to the victims and to the community of Lafayette. We are grateful to all local officials and to the governor for their efforts.”Grand Theater is one of three brands operated by Southern Theaters, LLC, based in New Orleans.11:42 a.m.ReporterSeth Dickersonis out on the street talking to Lafayette residents who are shocked and saddened but strongly believe their community will unite in this tragedy.""It was tragic. Just to stand up and shoot people, he must have had a mental illness. It was horrific,"" said Leon Simmons. ""I'm hurt. We're a very resilient community. We'll get through this, but we'll have to get through the grieving first.""Nurse Ashley Brinkhaus said the shooting was crazy.""It hurts to the depths of my soul to know this happened in our own backyard,"" she said. ""We raise our kids here.""Resident Alex Thibodeaux had only one thing to say about the suspect.""(Houser) was a coward,"" he said.10:40 a.m.John Russel Houser, the alleged theater shooter, had been accused of arson and damaging a rental home, had a history of mental illness and was denied a gun permit, according to Russell County, Alabama, Sheriff Heath Taylor.The Associated Press is reporting that Houser’s wife removed guns from their home in 2008 because of his mental state.Taylor said Houser was treated at a local mental health facility between 2008 and 2009, but he does not know details.In 2006, Houser applied for a concealed carry gun permit but was denied because of an arson arrest in Columbus, Georgia, from around 1989 or 1990, Taylor said. He believes the charge was dismissed.The last known address Taylor has for Houser was the 1100 block of 32nd Street in Phenix City, Alabama.“We evicted him from that address on March 25, 2014,” he said. “Once we evicted him he apparently did some damage to the property.”The property owners filed a report claiming Houser damaged a gas line, fireplace and other smaller things, Taylor said.On Houser’s Linked-In page he identifies himself as an entrepreneur and investment management in Phenix City, Alabama, who attended Faulkner University, a private Christian university in Montgomery, Alabama.“We’re praying for everybody down there,” he said. “It’s another crazy tragedy that we’re having to deal with. Everybody up here’s keeping y’all in our prayers.”Houser is also known as Rusty Houser, and apparently has a presence on social media as an outspoken conservative.The last thing someone posting as Rusty Houser posted on Facebook was in 2013, when he linked to an article called ""A woman's place in the church and the weak church elder,"" according to KATC-TV.He wrote, ""The bible doesn't ask me to like what it says, only to obey it. Death comes soon to the financially failing filth farm called the US.""He only had two things liked on Facebook, among them ""I hate liberals!""8:20 a.m.Lafayette City-Parish President Joey Durel said this morning that this community, recently identified as ""the happiest"" in the country, will pull together and recover from Thursday night'sshooting at the Lafayette Grand theateron Johnson Street.Three died in the incident, including shooter John Russel Houser, 59, described as a drifter from Alabama who was staying at a hotel on University Boulevard.Durel returned to Lafayette this morning from out of state. Police met him at the airport and drove him to the Lafayette Grand, where he joined Gov. Bobby Jindal, Col. Mike Edmonson of the Louisiana State Police and Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft at a news conference.Speaking to reporters from around the region and country, Durel described Lafayette to them as a ""family oriented community"" that extends beyond the city's proper borders and across Acadiana, an eight-parish region.8:10 a.m.Col. Mike Edmonson of the Louisiana State Police said he was at a loss as to why John Russel Houser, 59, the identified shooter at the Grand 16 movie theater in Lafayette, opened fire on patrons around him at 7:30 p.m. Thursday.""It's easy to speculate,"" Edmonson said. ""Why did he come here? Why did he do that?""But Edmonson said police were continuing their investigation in the shooting, and motive has not been made clear.""There are a lot of moving parts to bring together,"" he said.8 a.m.The identified killer in Thursday night's shooting at the Grand 16 movie theater in Lafayette had apparent plans to shoot, then leave the scene, officials said in a news conference this morning.John Russel Houser, 59, of Phenix City, Ala., had parked his vehicle, a 1995 Lincoln Continental, near an exit from the theater and was apparently attempted to flee when police arrived at the scene, perhaps within a minute of the shooting. Their quick response forced the gunman back inside the theater, where he took his own life, Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft said.Craft suggested that the quick response may have saved other lives.He said very little is known of Houser, and he urged anyone with knowledge of him to contact authorities at 337-291-8650, a line set up to gather information about the shooting. He said authorities believe Houser was operating alone.Craft said investigators had ""worked through the night"" at the Johnson Street theater, which he described as ""a pretty horrific scene.""They recovered a variety of materials and items, some personal property of people who fled the theater.7:45 a.m.The shooter in Thursday night's shooting at the Grand 16 Lafayette movie theater has been identified as John Russel Houser, 59, of Alabama, according to Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft.Craft also identified the deceased victims asMayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson. Breaux died on the scene and Johnson died at the hospital. Breaux, 21, was from Franklin. Johnson, 33, was from Lafayette.One victim was still listed in critical condition Friday morning, Craft said. Two victims have been released from the hospital.Craft described Houser as a ""drifter"" from Phenix City, Alabama. He had been estranged from his family, he said. Police are still searching for a motive. During a search of Houser's room in Motel 6 on University Avenue, police found wigs and other items that could be used as disguises, Craft said. His car was parked near a theater exit and police believe his intent was to escape after the shooting. Craft said he spotted police approaching him in the theater and decided to take his own life.An emotional Craft said it's frustrating not knowing the shooter's motive. ""Why would you come here and do something like this?"" he asked during a news conference Friday morning.Other updates from overnight:5:15 a.m.About a dozen law enforcement personnel were gathered at a Motel 6 in Lafayette early Friday as authorities investigate the shooting that killed three people, including the gunman.Louisiana State Police spokesman Maj. Doug Cain said the theater investigation led them to a room at the Motel 6. Cain said authorities were investigating whether the shooter had stayed there. He said the bomb squad swept the room before going in as a precaution.About a dozen police personnel could be seen outside the motel. At one point, an officer carried out a cardboard box from the room and other officers could be seen knocking on neighboring doors.___3:50 a.m.The White House says President Barack Obama has been briefed on the shooting at a Louisiana movie theater that left three people dead, including the gunman.Obama was briefed aboard Air Force One on Thursday by Lisa Monaco, his homeland security adviser, while on his way to Africa for a two-nation visit.Obama asked his team to keep him updated on the investigation and the status of those wounded in the shooting.He also offered his thoughts and prayers to the community of Lafayette, Louisiana, where the movie theater is located, and to the families of those who were killed.___3:30 a.m.Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft told reporters that nine people in total were wounded in the shooting.He said at least one of those was in critical condition and being operated on at an area hospital.""At this point we have three dead, nine wounded and of the three dead one is definitely the shooter,"" he said.___2:30 a.m.Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft told reporters that based on the investigation so far, they believe the shooter stood up in the theater, started shooting, and then as people started fleeing, he began to leave as well.But, investigators believe, he spotted two police officers, who had been out in the parking lot when the shooting happened. The shooter then turned around against the crowd before firing a single shot.""It looks like he spotted the officers coming in and he turned around and he went against the crowd, and he fired a single gunshot,"" he said. ""He was seated in the theater just like everybody else.""""The information we have at this time indicates that he was by himself, sat by himself and the first two people he shot were sitting right in front of him,"" Craft said.Read the original storyhere."
211,146,382230,"July 22, 2015",Missouri,Saint Louis,Fair Ave and Ashland Ave,0,6,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/st-louis-police-investigating-suspicious-death-multiple-shootings/article_a1ddbce7-5d61-5f55-b422-1216c9ca5f35.html,"ST. LOUIS   •Homicide detectives are investigating a suspicious death in the Midtown neighborhood of St. Louis.Police say family members found Garrett Weddle, 51, lying unconscious on the floor, where he lived at the 300 block of South Grand Boulevard around 6 p.m. Wednesday. They had been unable to reach him by phone.First responders pronounced him dead on the scene.The investigation is ongoing and police are awaiting autopsy results.There were also several non-fatal shootings Wednesday afternoon and evening in the Gate District, Gravois Park, Walnut Park East and Greater Ville neighborhoods. The latter incident involved six victims who were injured from shots fired from a silver Dodge Ram around 4 p.m. on Fair and Ashland avenues. Two suspects in that shooting were arrested at a home, where police also found heroin and three guns.Police are investigating all of the shootings. So far there have been no arrests. Six victims went to the hospital in all. Each was listed as stable Thursday, though their specific conditions were not available.EDITOR'S NOTE:An earlier version of this story gave an incorrect neighborhood for the suspicious death incident. This version has been corrected.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Jennifer S. Mann is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.Seven people were killed in weekend violence in the city, bringing the unofficial homicide toll for the year to 105.Seven people were killed in weekend violence in the city, bringing the unofficial homicide toll for the year to 105.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
212,149,377878,"July 20, 2015",New York,Bronx,E. 153rd St. and the Grand Concourse,0,6,https://nypost.com/2015/07/20/six-shot-at-nyc-park-party-in-the-bronx/,"Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.Jury reaches verdict in trial of ex-cop for death of George FloydMetroByNatasha VelezandChris PerezSubmitJuly 20, 2015|9:11amDavid TorresDavid TorresDemetrius LoadholtDemetrius LoadholtDemetrius LoadholtDemetrius LoadholtDavid TorresDavid TorresView SlideshowSix men were shot at a late-night party inside a Bronx park when an argument broke out between two groups, cops said.The two sides were separately gathered in Franz Siegel Park in Concourse Village when a dispute broke out at around midnight near East 153rd Street and the Grand Concourse, according to police.As the argument escalated, police believe Amidu Sall, 20, pulled a pistol and pumped six bullets into the legs, arms and feet of a small group of men, ages ranging from 14 to 20, according to law-enforcement sources.Six people were shot in the hail of gunfire — and all of them managed to go to nearby hospitals, police said.Sall was spotted running from the scene and was later taken into custody as a person of interest, sources said.He has not yet been charged.Sall has a lengthy criminal record, with 10 prior arrests, including for robbery, assault and drug possession.Four of the victims who were shot have also had several run-ins with the law in the past, sources said.Read NextDriver rammed man with car after argument: copsShare SelectionThis story has been shared 180,498 times.180,498This story has been shared 175,613 times.175,613This story has been shared 123,622 times.123,622© 2021 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights ReservedTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeYour Ad ChoicesSitemapYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal InformationYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal Information"
213,152,377181,"July 19, 2015",North Carolina,Rocky Mount,Interstate 64 and Raliegh Street,0,4,http://abc11.com/news/infant-seriously-injured-in-shooting-on-highway-64-/863397/,WATCHLIVEInfant seriously injured in shooting on Highway 64
214,153,378102,"July 18, 2015",California,San Diego,200 block of South Bancroft Street,0,4,http://www.cbs8.com/story/29582039/police-looking-for-man-who-shot-4-in-logan-heights,"SAN DIEGO (CBS 8) - Police are searching for a man who shot four men in Logan Heights Saturday night from his car.The incident happened around 7:15 p.m. Saturday night in the200-block of South Bancroft Street.Officers say a group of men were approached by a vehicle and someone inside the vehicle asked if they had any marijuana. At one point, police say a man in the vehicle fired several shots at the group. Two men were hit in the torso, one was hit in the neck, and another man was hit in the head.All four were taken to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. The car is described as a tan or gold colored late model Ford Taurus. The shooter was described as black, 5 feet 4 inches, 235 pounds and wearing a Chargers hoodie.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
215,155,376702,"July 18, 2015",Oregon,Salem,1550 Weston Ct NE,1,4,http://apps.co.marion.or.us/JailRosters/mccf_roster.html#,
216,157,376211,"July 17, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,4400 block of W. Maypole,0,5,http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/chicago-violence-five-shot-west-garfield-park-friday-316363111.html,"Five people were shot, including one who suffered critical injuries, in the West Garfield Park neighborhood Friday evening.The shooting incident happened just after 5 p.m. in the 4400 block of W. Maypole, according to Chicago Police News Affairs.One victim was transported to Mount Sinai Hospital with life-threatening injuries to the back, police said. The others suffered gunshot wounds to the hand, elbow and leg.Police did not release further information on the victims or their conditions."
217,158,376203,"July 17, 2015",Ohio,Cincinnati (Westwood),3100 block of Sunshine Avenue,0,4,http://www.wlwt.com/news/police-multiple-people-shot-in-westwood/34228566,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Police are investigating a quadruple shooting in Westwood.The shooting happened on the front porch of a home in the 3100 block of Sunshine Avenue shortly after 8 p.m. Friday.Investigators said it started at a party of about 20 people at the home on Sunshine Avenue.Watch this storyPolice said the four victims were out on the front porch when two people started shooting at them from around the corner.Police said a 15-year-old girl, two women and a man were shot. Officials said the teen was taken to Children's Hospital in serious but stable condition. Her mother was also taken to UC Medical Center in serious but stable condition. The other female and man were shot in the arms and legs. They are expected to be OK, officials said.Detectives are processing multiple shell casings at the scene and police believe the victims may know the shooters.There were several witnesses at the time of the shooting and many are cooperating with police.Anyone with information is asked to call CrimeStoppers at 513-352-3040.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
218,159,376823,"July 17, 2015",District of Columbia,Washington,600 block of Edgewood St NE,1,3,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/shootings-overnight-claim-three-lives-in-the-district-three-others-injured/2015/07/18/08c21260-2d59-11e5-a250-42bd812efc09_story.html,"A spate of shootings Friday night and early Saturday in the District left three men dead and three others injured, outbursts of violence that police are investigating as separate and unrelated cases.D.C. police said there were several other shootings overnight but are uncertain of the motives. The three fatal shootings happened in three quadrants over several hours.Bryan Perkins, 18, of Northeast was killed about 9 p.m. Friday on Edgewood Street NE, in the Edgewood neighborhood. Just before 1 a.m., Wesley West, 25, of Southeast was shot on 13th Place SE in Congress Heights, and about 2 a.m., Charles Douglas, 33, of District Heights was killed on Riggs Street NW, about halfway between Logan Circle and U Street NW.Three other men were shot and wounded where Perkins was killed and were taken to a hospital. Police did not have updated information on their conditions Saturday afternoon.The violent night came during an increase in the city’s homicides. As of the end of June,homicides were up 20 percent in the Districtcompared with the same time period last year. About 30 people were killed in the District between May and the end of June.[Homicides up 20 percent in D.C. this year, with nearly 30 killed since May 1]The number of homicides is on track to surpass that of recent years. In 2014, 105 people were killed in the city. The 2013 count was similar — 104, which included the 12 victims of the Washington Navy Yard shootings. The District had a 40-year low in 2012, when 88 people were killed.D.C. Council member Kenyan R. McDuffie (D-Ward 5) called the slew of shootings a result of senseless violence.“The recent spike in crime in our city is unacceptable,” McDuffie said in a statement. “Let us come together as a community to stem the tide so we no longer have to wake up to news like this.”Perkins, who lived in Edgewood, graduated from Eastern High School this year and had been on its football team. Friends and family said he was planning to attend college in the fall and hoped to start a fashion business, having launched a clothing line in high school.“He cared about everyone. He was respectful, well-mannered, funny,” said Passion Perkins, a cousin. “Just happy, all around. Just happy.”Kourtni Stewart, also one of Perkins’s cousins, described him as goofy but dedicated to the fashion industry. Stewart said he had created a pair of shoes in collaboration with Adidas, mixing pink, purple and green snakeskin and sporting gold stripes.“He loved fashion,” Stewart said. “He loved to look good. . . . He loved labels. Whatever was fly to him, that was his style.”Perkins was with a friend outside his mother’s house, talking on the phone to his girlfriend. She called 911 when the connection dropped, Stewart said.“You can’t even go outside and walk your dogs without looking behind your back,” Stewart said.This was not the first time Perkins’s family has had to cope with violent tragedy close to home. His older brother, Dezmine,was fatally shot in 2010a block from where Perkins was slain. Dezmine Perkins was 16.“I wouldn’t even say they were at the wrong place at the wrong time — they weren’t,” Stewart said. “This is where they live; this is where their moms live.”Stewart said that the Perkins brothers, as well as the three others shot in Edgewood, were not the type to be involved in violence. “That was the most unexpected thing ever,” Stewart said. “These are not street guys. They don’t sell drugs or get locked up. These are young boys that went to school, helped older people with their groceries and had manners.”McDuffie said that too many families in the District have been enduring multiple tragedies but that the violent crimes are not raising the kind of alarms they should because of their increasing volume. “When you grow up in the District, you need to know that this kind of violence is not a normal part of life,” McDuffie said in an interview.Council member Jack Evans (D-Ward 2) said in a statement that Douglas was sitting in his car when he was shot on Riggs Street.“We have worked too hard for too long to combat the terrible crime that once plagued our city,” Evans said.The community where Douglas was shot had hosted a meeting July 9 to talk about crime. A similar meeting is scheduled for the night of July 30 at New Samaritan Baptist Church on Florida Avenue NE.[From the archives: Teens who left trouble behind get recognition and a reminder]West, who was killed in Southeast, had at one point worked with the nonprofit group ­Peaceoholics to help curb violence in his neighborhood of Congress Park.In 2007, West, then 17, told The Washington Postthat after running into trouble at Ballou Senior High School, he worked to straighten himself out and was speaking with teens about preventing neighborhood conflicts from turning violent.Ron Moten, the co-founder of Peaceoholics, said he last saw West in 2011 when he checked in with the group.“It seemed like he was going down the right direction,” Moten said. “He was working to better his life.”“Wesley wasn’t about going out to hurt nobody, but it’s a culture,” Moten said.According to Moten, West had recently been working in construction and had just become a father.Family and friends of Douglas and West did not respond to requests for comment Saturday."
219,160,375773,"July 16, 2015",Texas,Dallas,2261 Singleton Blvd,0,5,https://www.dallasnews.com/news/crime/2015/07/29/man-18-held-in-shooting-of-minyard-food-store-security-guard/,"newsCrimeByClaire Z. Cardona8:11 PM on Jul 28, 2015 CDTAn 18-year-old Dallas man suspected of shooting a security guard during an attempted robbery is in custody, according to police records.Police say Frederick Boise, who also goes by Aaron James Stanley, shot a uniformed guard in the chest multiple times July 16 at the Minyard Food Store in the 2100 block of Singleton Boulevard in West Dallas.According to police documents, Boise pulled out a 9mm handgun and demanded money from the store’s assistant manager. Police say Boise grazed the assistant manager when he shot at him and struck the guard. Two others were wounded. The security guard fired back and Boise fled on foot, according to police documents.The next day, detectives received information from Grand Prairie police that a man had been dropped off at a hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest. Detectives determined the man was Boise, police documents state.Boise told detectives July 20 that he was under the influence of drugs when he pointed his gun at some people and was shot by the guard before fleeing, according to the affidavit.Boise is being held in the Dallas County jail on $165,000 bond. He has been charged with aggravated assault against a public servant and aggravated robbery.Records show Boise also has holds from the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office for eluding a police officer, robbery with a firearm, leaving the scene of a collision involving property damage, feloniously pointing a firearm, possession of a stolen vehicle and petit larceny.Claire Z. Cardona, Breaking News Producer. Claire joined The Dallas Morning News as an intern in 2012. She now writes about crime, other breaking news and the Dallas Zoo. She grew up in New Orleans and graduated with a journalism degree from the University of Texas at Austin.Stay up-to-date with the crime and public safety news your neighbors are talking about.By signing up you agree to ourprivacy policyStand with us in our mission to discover and uncover the story of North Texas"
220,163,375322,"July 15, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,3500 block of West Garrison Boulevard,1,3,http://data.baltimoresun.com/bing-maps/homicides/index.php?show_results=UPDATE+MAP&range=30&district=all&zipcode=All&cause=shooting&age=all&gender=all&race=all&article=all,"© 2021Baltimore Sun Media Group.

          Data current as ofApril 19, 2021.Credits|Terms of Service|Privacy Policy"
221,164,375412,"July 15, 2015",Ohio,Cleveland,700 block of Thornhill,0,7,http://fox8.com/2015/07/16/at-least-7-injured-in-overnight-drive-by-shooting-on-clevelands-east-side/,"Fox 8 Cleveland WJWby:Peggy Gallek,Darcie LorenoCLEVELAND — Cleveland police are investigating a drive-by shooting that injured several people Wednesday night.Police sources say at least seven people were hurt in the shooting, which happened at about 11 p.m. Wednesday in the 700 block of Thornhill.Police reports state that a 44-year-old female and a 21-year-old male were taken to MetroHealth Medical Center with gunshot wounds to their lower body. A 25-year-old male was shot in the knee, and a 21-year-old female was shot in the back. They were taken to MetroHealth Medical Center as well.A 22-year-old male was also hit in the foot and taken to University Hospitals. A 31-year-old male was shot in the thigh, and a 23-year-old male was shot in the hand and grazed on the hip. They were also taken to University Hospitals.Police say the majority of the seven victims described the vehicle involved as a white or gold-colored mini-van. They say the van pulled up, and multiple people began firing shots.A van believed to have been the suspect’s vehicle has been recovered in East Cleveland.There have been no arrests.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The 12 jurors who reached a verdict Tuesday in the case against Derek Chauvin had three counts to consider as they weighed whether he is responsible for the death of George Floyd.Chauvin is charged with second-degree unintentional murder, third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. He could be convicted on all of the charges, some or none. The decision was expected to be announced Tuesday afternoon.COSHOCTON, Ohio (WJW)-- The Coshocton County Sheriff's Office arrested a suspect in the disappearance and death of 20-year-old Brianna Ratliff.Blake A. Grewell, 19, is charged with aggravated murder. More charges are expected, the sheriff's office said.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S.The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
222,165,374965,"July 15, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,9200 block of Memorial,0,4,http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/detroit/2015/07/15/detroit-shooting-4-people-shot-west-side/30220511/,"Four people, including a 1-year-old boy, were struck by bullets in a shooting Wednesday night on Detroit's west side, Detroit Police said.The victims were outside in the 9200 block of Memorial, near the Southfield Freeway and I-96, when a green Buick drove by and began firing shots at around 7:35 p.m., said Sgt. Cassandra Lewis, a police spokesperson.A 24-year-old man was shot three times, and an 18-year-old woman was shot as well, Lewis said. Bullets grazed a 25-year-old male and a 1-year-old boy.All four were treated at hospitals, and are in stable condition, Lewis said. Police did not say what might have led to the shooting, and no arrests have been made yet.Contact Daniel Bethencourt: dbethencourt@freepress.com or 313-223-4531. Follow on Twitter at @_dbethencourt."
223,166,374630,"July 15, 2015",South Carolina,Holly Hill,7050 Old State Road,4,1,http://thetandd.com/news/sheriff-dad-s-drug-dealing-responsible-for-deaths/article_d54693a5-3dfb-56fb-90d9-50e7c8533f28.html,"Christopher Dean Wright, center, represented by attorney David Williams, has been charged with three counts of unlawful neglect of a child, one count of obstruction of justice and one count of trafficking cocaine base. Wright is the father of two children killed as part of a quadruple homicide last month.Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell points to a newspaper clipping about Christopher Wright’s July 17 bond hearing.Christopher Dean Wright hasn’t been accused of murder, but Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell says his drug dealing is responsible for four people being killed and another being injured.""This case is directly connected to his style of living -- drug dealing,"" Ravenell said Friday. ""He placed his children in an environment that was dangerous.""Wright was taken into custody on Thursday in Manning, according to First Circuit Solicitor David Pascoe. He is newly charged with three counts of unlawful neglect of a child, obstruction of justice and trafficking crack cocaine.“Because of this man, because of his lifestyle, because of the way he wanted to live, we have four people dead and one in the hospital,” Ravenell said.Four people were found shot to death in Wright’s home at 7050 Old State Road, Holly Hill on July 15. They were two of Wright’s daughters – Tamara Alexia Perry, 14 and Shamekia Sanders, 17 -- his fiancée, Krystal Hutto, and a male acquaintance, Jerome Butler.His 8-year-old son, Dreamzz Nelson, was also shot in the head. Nelson is receiving medical care at a Charleston-area hospital.Pascoe said at Wright’s bond hearing Friday that the killer shot each of the victims “execution-style.”Ravenell said Wright has not shared what he knows about the July 15 killings with the authorities.“I believe Mr. Wright knows more than what he’s telling us, which is nothing,” Ravenell said.“The incident that occurred on July 15 at 7050 Old State Road is because of Christopher Dean Wright,” Ravenell said.He noted that Wright could face additional charges.“He’s the father and because of his lifestyle, his kids are no longer here. And not only that, why would you not cooperate with investigators?” Ravenell said.“It frustrates me,” he said.Wright’s attorney, David Williams, said at the bond hearing that Wright has talked with at least three Orangeburg County Sheriff’s Office investigators and taken a lie-detector test.Williams said Wright is cooperating with investigators.Wright wasn’t at 7050 Old State Road when the murders took place, Williams said. He returned to the home to discover the bodies and called 911.""He was the first to come on the scene. He was the first to call 911. He had to see this unfortunate event,"" Williams said.Outside the hearing, Williams said the sheriff’s office is investigating a tough case.Wright provided law enforcement with information and possible leads to help with the investigation, he said.“His suggestions on possible leads haven’t panned out, but that doesn’t make him a liar,” Williams said.Pascoe, however, said in court that Wright “has repeatedly provided misstatements and outright lies which have impeded this investigation.”Pascoe described Wright as a “career drug dealer” and read a list of Wright’s convictions extending to the 1990s.Last month, Wright was charged with two counts of trafficking in methamphetamine or cocaine.Wright allegedly sold 13.2 grams and 14 grams of crack cocaine to a confidential informant on June 21, 2013. The State Law Enforcement Division conducted those “controlled purchases,” according to arrest warrants, at 7050 Old State Road.During Wright’s bond hearing last month, Orangeburg County Magistrate Rob Clariday set a $30,000 bond.Wright told Clariday that he wanted to be out of jail so that he could attend his fiancée’s funeral and visit his 8-year-old son in the hospital.Pascoe claimed on Friday that Wright didn’t do either of those things and that he continues to sell drugs.Williams said that shortly before Friday’s hearing, someone told him that he has given Wright rides to the Charleston-area hospital several times to try and visit his surviving son.Bond could not be set on the new trafficking charge on Friday because it is considered a violent crime, and Wright was already out on bond on two other trafficking charges. Williams asked that bond on all of Friday’s charges be considered by a circuit court judge at a later date.Ravenell said Michael ""Rambo"" Deroaknel Smith, 26, of Disciple Way, Moncks Corner is still considered a ""person of interest"" in this case.Deputies arrested Smith about a week after the July 15 slayings. He was charged with second or subsequent offense failure to stop for blue light and two counts of possession of a controlled substance.He has not been charged in the July 15 deaths.A special hotline has been set up for tips in the Holly Hill case. Anyone with information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, is asked to call 1-888-825-7172. A reward of $2,500 has been set up for anyone who has information leading to an arrest and a conviction.Contact the writer:mbrown@timesanddemocrat.comor 803-533-5545 Follow on Twitter: @MRBrownTandD.Get local news delivered to your inbox!Staff WriterMartha Rose Brown covers crime and other topics. She's worked as a journalist in the region for the past 18 years.Three months after four people were executed in Holly Hill, Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell says the “case is not standing still.”Christopher Wright has been charged with three counts of unlawful neglect of a child, one count of obstruction of justice, and one count of tr…Christopher Dean Wright, center, represented by attorney David Williams, has been charged with three counts of unlawful neglect of a child, one count of obstruction of justice and one count of trafficking cocaine base. Wright is the father of two children killed as part of a quadruple homicide last month.Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell points to a newspaper clipping about Christopher Wright’s July 17 bond hearing.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
224,168,373993,"July 13, 2015",California,Norwalk,11959 162nd Street,0,4,http://www.presstelegram.com/general-news/20150713/four-shot-at-hermosillo-park-in-norwalk-suspects-at-large,"Trending:NORWALK >> Three gunmen shot and wounded four men at a local park Monday night in what deputies believe was a gang-related incident.Sgt. Ralph Gama of the sheriff’s Norwalk Station said Tuesday that one victim was in critical but stable condition at a nearby hospital and the other three are in stable condition.He said the victims were shot several times.The shooting broke out around 9:40 p.m. at Hermosillo Park, 11959 162nd St.Gama said the four were sitting on a bench in the park when three men got out of a vehicle and started shooting at them.Five male suspects were last seen driving westbound on 162nd Street in a newer, dark-colored Chevy Impala with tinted windows.The Norwalk station received a 911 call at 9:47 p.m. about a gunshot victim at the park. Lt. Shawn Kehoe said three victims were found at the scene, and a fourth turned up at a local hospital for treatment.The gang unit at the Norwalk station is investigating the shooting, according to Gama.This is the second shooting at a Norwalk park in recent days.A23-year-old Bellflower manwas killed and another man was injured in ashooting at Gerdes Parklate Saturday. It wasn’t immediately known if the two incidents were related.Sheriff’s homicide Lt. Steve Jauch said an armed man walked up to a group in the parking lot at Gerdes Park and opened fire. Detectives couldn’t verify a report that the shooter got in a dark-colored sedan. He may not have left in a car, Jauch said.Detailed descriptions of the suspects in both shootings weren’t available.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
225,169,373768,"July 13, 2015",California,Stockton,400 block of McCloud Avenue,1,4,http://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2015/07/13/1-dead-4-injured-in-stockton-shooting-2/,"STOCKTON (CBS13) – Police are investigating a deadly shooting this morning in Stockton.Officers say five people were shot during a house party last night in the 400 block of McCloud Avenue.A 41-year-old man died at the scene. Four others are recovering in local hospitals and are in stable condition. Officers say someone shot at the house multiple times. They believe it might have been gang-related.“We don’t know if it was a drive-by shooting or if they walked up to the house. But definitely multiple shots were fired in the direction of the house,” said Ofc. Joe Silva, a spokesperson for the Stockton Police Department.Police say no one is in custody yet, and it’s too early to know a motive."
226,170,373095,"July 12, 2015",Illinois,River Forest,116 Lathrop Ave,2,3,https://www.oakpark.com/News/Articles/8-25-2015/River-Forest-cops-still-mum-about-July-shooting/,"Oak ParkA hyperlocal news site committed to in-depth reporting on issues concerning Oak Park and River Forest, Illinois.The River Forest Police Department has remained silent following the police-involved shooting on July 12 of Matthew Watson, 24, in the 100 block of Lathrop Avenue. The department has denied Freedom of Information requests submitted by Wednesday Journal for police reports prior to the incident at the address where the shooting occurred.Watson was killed in front of his home in the early hours of a Sunday morning after firing a shotgun at River Forest police officers. Police found the body of William S. Carlson, 60, of Markesan, Wisconsin inside the house. Watson’s mother, Susan Watson was also wounded by a shotgun blast.The evening of the shooting, Green Lake County, Wisconsin, sheriff’s police discovered an illegal marijuana grow operation in the late William Carlson’s garage at W2813 Kahl Road, Markesan, with more than 3,400 grams of marijuana and 25 live plants, valued at $10,000.According to Green Lake County Sheriff’s Chief Deputy Mark Putzke, the investigation is still open because the department is waiting for the local district attorney to close the case.“If the district attorney confirms [William Carlson] really is the guy who owns the grow, we can simply close the investigation,” Putzke said Monday.Also on Monday, River Forest Deputy Chief James O’Shea said Susan Watson was released from Loyola Medical Center on Aug. 4 and returned to her home in Wisconsin.It is unclear whether Susan Watson resides at the Kahl Road address, which was purchased by William Carlson in 2012, according to the Green County Register of Deeds.Two officers were injured by Watson’s shotgun fire, but O’Shea said both have recovered and are back on patrol duties. Those two officers, Sgt. Chris Pate and Officer Dan Humphreys, were honored Monday at the meeting of the River Forest Village Board and presented with commendations.The Illinois State Police were asked to investigate the shooting of Matthew Watson, as part of the protocol for any police-involved shooting in River Forest. Illinois State Police Chief Public Information Officer Sgt. Matt Boerwinkle said in an email Monday the investigation is still ongoing and no further information would be released at this time.In July, Freedom of Information requests by Wednesday Journal for records of past incidents at 116 Lathrop Ave. or email contact with Watson family members were denied by the department pending the closing of the investigation.Wednesday Journal appealed those denials to the Public Access Counselor at the Illinois Attorney General’s Office.On July 22, the attorney general’s office sent a letter to River Forest Police asking for copies of the documents in question and received no response. On Aug. 18, Assistant Attorney General Shannon Barnaby sent a second letter to the River Forest Police.“The department must provide this office with copies of the records for our confidential review,” Barnaby wrote.  “As we have not yet heard from the department, we hereby reiterate our requests.”Donna Ludvik of the River Forest Police Department told Wednesday Journal the department would be sending the police reports in question to the attorney general’s office Monday.Jean Lotus loves community journalism. She covers news, features, two school boards, village council, crime, park district and writes obits for Forest Park Review. She also covers the police beat for...More by Jean Lotus"
227,171,373063,"July 12, 2015",New Jersey,Jersey City,Sip and Van Wagenen avenues,0,4,http://www.nj.com/hudson/index.ssf/2015/07/four_people_injured_in_jersey_city_shooting_police.html#incart_river,"Jersey City police carFour people were injured early this morning in a shooting in Jersey City, police say.(Jersey Journal file photo)JERSEY CITY- Four people were shot in their legs around 4:15 a.m. this morning near Sip and Van Wagenen avenues, police say.Three of victims fled the scene but were later questioned by police, said city spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill.The victims sustained non-life threatening injuries and were uncooperative in providing details about the incident, Morrill added.Gallery: The Jersey Journal photos of the week: June 27-July 3, 2015Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
228,172,370187,"July 7, 2015",Ohio,Cleveland,East 162nd Street and Miles Avenue,1,3,http://www.cleveland.com/court-justice/index.ssf/2016/06/cleveland_man_charged_in_deadl.html#incart_river_home,"Demagio Callahan, 22CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Prosecutors have identified and charged a suspect in a July 2015 drive-by shooting that left one man dead and another man wounded on East 163rd Street.Demagio Callahan, 22, of Maple Heights is charged with aggravated murder and multiple counts of attempted murder in the drive-by shooting that killed 20-year-old Maple Heights resident Veron Black last summer.Black was shot as he stood near the corner of East 163rd and Sorrento Avenue.Prosecutors identify Callahan as the man who opened fire on the block from a silver sedan, raining gunfire on a home there and hitting Michael Dixon, according to court records.Bystanders Deandre Turner and Manautica Boyd were also shot.Callahan is currently at the Lorain Correctional Institution, serving time for a drug trafficking charge he pleaded guilty to last month.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
229,173,370474,"July 7, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,900 block of West Fayette Street,3,1,http://www.wbaltv.com/news/police-identify-victims-from-quadruple-shooting-in-west-baltimore/34072806?absolute=true,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.City police have identified the three people killed Tuesday in aquadruple shooting near the University of Maryland-Baltimore campus in west Baltimore.Gerald Thompson, 34, Jacqueline Parker, 53, and Lamont Randall, 39, were killed in the shooting, which was reported shortly after 10:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 900 block of West Fayette Street.Police said two vans stopped and one person got out of each van and started shooting into a crowd of people. A fourth woman who was shot in the buttocks went to a hospital. She is listed in good condition, police said.City police said the incident was believed to be a targeted crime and is not associated with the University of Maryland. It did not occur on campus and is not related to any aspect of the university.""We do want to make sure the community knows there is no affiliation with the University of Maryland,"" said Baltimore Police spokeswoman Lt. Sarah Connolly on the shooting. ""It was a targeted event. It did not happen on campus.""After a preliminary investigation, police said they determined that two vans were involved, one burgundy and the other white. Three to four people are believed to be involved, police said.Homicide detectives are investigating and ask anyone with information to call 410--396-2100. Callers may remain anonymous.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
230,174,369014,"July 5, 2015",Louisiana,Shreveport,3500 block of Hearne Ave,0,6,http://www.ksla.com/story/29538718/spd-third-person-sought-in-connection-with-shooting-that-injured-8,"SHREVEPORT, LA (KSLA) - A third man is now wanted by police in connection with a shooting that injured eight people last week in west Shreveport.Police said the shooting is believed to have been the result of a dispute between 2 groups gathering in adjacent parking lots in the 3500 block of Hearne Ave. early on the morning of July 5.The victims, including a 16-year-old female, are expected to recover.Two other arrests have already been made in the case. Antonio Rhines, 20, and Treveon Wilson, 19, were arrested Tuesday for the shooting.Rhines is charged with 2 counts of illegal use of a weapon, convicted felon in possession of a firearm, and parole violation. Wilson is charged with illegal use of a weapon.Shreveport police investigators say they now have a warrant for the arrest of 17-year old Gerod T. Ward in connection with his alleged involvement in shooting.Ward, whose is believed to live in the 500 block of Janet Lane in Shreveport, is now wanted on a warrant charging him with a single count of illegal use of a weapon.Bond has been set at $100,000.00.Anyone with information regarding the whereabouts of Ward are urged to contact Crimestoppers at (318) 673-7373.Copyright 2015KSLA. All rights reserved.1812 Fairfield Ave.Shreveport, LA 71101(318) 222-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
231,175,368732,"July 5, 2015",Indiana,Fort Wayne,1400 block of McCulloch Street,0,9,http://www.journalgazette.net/news/Shooting-results-in-9-victims--1-critical-7559271,"A shooting early today in east-central Fort Wayne left nine people injured, including one person in critical condition and one person in serious condition, city police said.Officers responded to a report of a disturbance in the 1400 block of McCulloch Street, about four blocks south of Maumee Avenue, at 1:11 a.m., Fort Wayne police said in a statement. While on the way, police received reports of gunshots being fired and multiple people being struck.In total, five men and four women were injured -- one in critical condition, one in serious condition and seven in good condition, police said.Six victims were found at the scene, police said. They said one woman was found to be in critical condition, and five other victims there were found to be in good condition. All six were taken to a local hospital, police said, where the woman first described in critical condition was upgraded to serious condition.A short time later, police said, they received reports of three victims walking into a local hospital. They said a man was in critical condition and two other victims were in good condition.Police said it appears there was a party at a home on McCulloch Street, and a disturbance began that escalated to shots being fired. Police said early today they did not know what led to the disturbance,had no suspects or persons of interest, and no weapons had been recovered.They said they were interviewing witnesses, and crime scene units were searching for and collecting evidence. They askedanyone with information about the shooting to call the police department at 427-1222 or Crime Stoppers at 436-7867.Share this article"
232,177,369410,"July 4, 2015",Kentucky,Louisville,2500 block of West Broadway,0,4,http://www.wdrb.com/story/29476632/metrosafe-dispatcher-says-multiple-victims-shot-near-25th-and-broadway,"Late rain to wintry mix.Not quite as cold.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 3:48 pmLOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- A MetroSafe dispatcher has confirmed that multiple victims were shot near 25th Street and Broadway in west Louisville.A call about the shooting was placed around 3:30 a.m. Sunday.A WDRB photographer who went to the scene said the incident appeared to have happened near Legends Nightclub.A dispatcher said each of the victims suffered non-life threatening injuries.The shooting remains under investigation.Copyright 2015 WDRB News. All rights reserved."
233,179,368867,"July 4, 2015",District of Columbia,Washington,2600 block of Douglass Pl SE,1,3,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/police-arrest-three-men-involved-in-july-4th-shooting/2015/07/30/3877a638-3717-11e5-b673-1df005a0fb28_story.html,"D.C.Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier and Mayor Muriel E. Bowser announced the arrest of three men allegedly involved in a July 4 gun battle that resulted in one death and multiple injuries.Through surveillance-camera footage and witness testimony, police were able to identify three men and charge them in the killing of Dwayne Gene Dillard, who was shot in the 2600 block of Douglass Place SE around 11 p.m. on the holiday. Authorities arrested Shakim Lyons, 23, of Southeast, Jonathon Taylor, 24, of Southeast and Harry Herbert, 27,and charged each with second-degree murder.At a news conference, officials discussed a surveillance video that shows men holding guns and one of them firing across the street with bystanders nearby. According to court records, police recovered 52 bullet casings after what authorities called a reckless exchange of gunfire on a crowded street.Four people were injured in the gunfire, including Lyons and Dillard. Earlier that night, a fight on that block involved at least one of those charged.“This video shows multiple people with guns having a shootout in the middle of the street on the Fourth of July. That’s a big deal,” Lanier said. “Anybody that’s going to be that bold and take shots on a public street like that on the Fourth of July when there are kids out . . . we need to get them off the street.”Lanier and Bowser (D) thanked the community for helping in the investigation, applauding residents for not fearing retribution for talking with police.Police are still working to identify at least four others seen in the video, and they continue to try to find other possible suspects.Court records show that a detective familiar with the area recognized Herbert from the video.The police found Taylor through an Instagram picture in which he is wearing the same clothes as in the video.In a separate case, Taylor is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Dexter Motley on 46th Place NE on Aug. 14, 2014, according to court documents."
234,180,368995,"July 4, 2015",New York,Syracuse,Bellevue and Rich Street,0,4,http://www.syracuse.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/07/4_people_shot_as_suspect_opens_fire_on_syracuse_crowd_watching_july_4th_firework.html#incart_story_package,"Shooting on E Fayette St. SyracuseSyracuse police chief Frank Fowler went to the scene of a shooting at an empty lot on the 1600 block of East Fayette Street the Sunday after the Fourth of July. Syracuse Police responded to multiple shootings over July 4th weekend.(Dennis Nett | dnett@syracuse.com)SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- Four people were struck by bullets when someone opened fire on a crowd watching Fourth of July fireworks in Syracuse Saturday, police said.A group of people were watching fireworks on the southeast corner of Bellevue Avenue and Rich Street around 10:24 p.m., Lt. Eric Carr said in a news release.An unknown suspect or suspects fired shots into the crowd, striking four people with bullets, Carr said.The victims included a 24-year-old woman who was shot in the shoulder and transported by Rural Metro Ambulance to Upstate University Hospital, he said.The other victims, a 17-year-old man who shot in the elbow, a 24-year-old man shot in the arm and a 19-year-old man shot in the back, all arrived at Upstate in private vehicles, police said. The victim's injuries were all considered to be not life-threatening, Carr said.Investigators do not have suspect information at this time, he said.Police have asked anyone with information on the shooting to call 315-442-5222.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
235,181,369127,"July 4, 2015",Texas,San Antonio,1100 block of West Avenue,0,4,http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/Police-Fight-over-women-led-to-North-Side-6366733.php,"SAN ANTONIO - Police say two shootings early Saturday were sparked by fighting over women on the North Side.The first incident occurred when a fight broke out between two men at 1:45 a.m. in the parking lot of a bar in the 300 block of Sourrey Avenue.Investigators said the two were fighting over a woman, noting one of the men had a relationship with the woman. Allegedly, the other man had a previous relationship with the woman.The two men fought until one of them pulled out a gun and shot the other man twice, police said, noting he was treated at the scene and transported to University Hospital in stable condition.The suspect fled the scene but was caught a few hours later, police said. Charges have yet to be determined as the investigation continues.In a separate incident, two men were fighting over a woman inside a hookah bar at 3:45 a.m. in the 1100 block of West Avenue, according to police.One of the men pulled out a gun and began to wave it around, witnesses told police.That's when he fired several shots, which hit four men in their feet, investigators said.The injured were taken to University Hospital in stable condition, police said, adding that the suspect fled the scene and is at large.jbeltran@express-news.netTwitter: @JBfromSAJacob Beltran is a staff writer on the evening public safety beat at the San Antonio Express-News. He is completing a bachelor's degree in journalism from Texas A&M-San Antonio. Since beginning his journalism career in 2010, he's worked at local college newspaper The Ranger and The Mesquite.He is a San Antonio native who enjoys video games, photography, and exploring during his free time."
236,182,367780,"July 2, 2015",Indiana,Indianapolis,500 block of Lynn St,1,3,http://wishtv.com/2017/10/18/23-year-old-gets-6-year-sentence-for-role-in-murder/,"INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A 23-year-old Indianapolis man received a six-year prison term Wednesday for his role in the 2015 death of a 20-year-old man, online court records show.Steven Eldridge Jr. was arrested in November 2015 for his involvement in the fatal shooting of Tavin Yeakey on July 2, 2015. Yeakey was among four people shot from a passing car; the others had injuries considered to be nonlife-theatening, police said in 2015.The shooting occurred west of downtown near Michigan Street and Belmont Avenue.Eldridge pleaded guilty to assisting a criminal who committed murder in Marion Superior Court, Criminal Division 3. Three charges of attempted murder and a murder charge were dismissed as part of the plea deal.The sentence connected to the shooting will be served concurrently with another sentence he received Wednesday. He agreed to plead guilty to carrying a handgun without a license and received a 180-day sentence on that charge. The handgun charge was filed in the same court in September 2015.Download the WISH-TV app for your iPhone/iPad in the App StoreDownload the WISH-TV app in the Google Play storeLike WISH-TV on FacebookINDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A 23-year-old Indianapolis man received a six-year prison term Wednesday for his role in the 2015 death of a 20-year-old man, online court records show.Steven Eldridge Jr. was arrested in November 2015 for his involvement in the fatal shooting of Tavin Yeakey on July 2, 2015. Yeakey was among four people shot from a passing car; the others had injuries considered to be nonlife-theatening, police said in 2015.The shooting occurred west of downtown near Michigan Street and Belmont Avenue.Eldridge pleaded guilty to assisting a criminal who committed murder in Marion Superior Court, Criminal Division 3. Three charges of attempted murder and a murder charge were dismissed as part of the plea deal.The sentence connected to the shooting will be served concurrently with another sentence he received Wednesday. He agreed to plead guilty to carrying a handgun without a license and received a 180-day sentence on that charge. The handgun charge was filed in the same court in September 2015.© 2021 Circle City Broadcasting I, LLC. | All Rights Reserved.WISH-TV InstagramWISH-TV TwitterWISH-TV YouTubeWISH-TV FacebookIndy Style FacebookAll Indiana FacebookCrime Watch 8 /6 mins agoNational /43 mins agoIndy Style /1 hour agoIndy Style /1 hour ago"
237,184,367099,"June 28, 2015",Illinois,Venice,1430 Broadway,0,6,http://thetelegraph.com/news/68559/alton-brothers-charged-in-shooting,"EDWARDSVILLE — Madison County State’s Attorney’s Tom Gibbons filed charges Friday against two Alton brothers stemming from a shooting last month at a nightclub in Venice.Vincent Gordon, 32, and Vontarius Gordon, 31, are facing multiple charges in connection with the June 28 shooting.On June 28, a physical altercation between Vincent Gordon and a female patron occurred at the C & M Lounge, according to a release from the State’s Attorney’s Office. He is alleged to have punched the female in the face, which led to a confrontation between multiple people that eventually spilled out into the parking lot.At that time, Vontarius Gordon began shooting into the crowd with a semi-automatic handgun, hitting people on the parking lot, the C & M Lounge itself and a vehicle, the release said. It is also alleged that Vincent Gordon began firing shots with his own weapon, an assault rifle. Both men fled the scene before police arrived.Officers with the Venice Police Department, in conjunction with investigators from the Illinois State Police (ISP), the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), and the Granite City Police Department worked the case and were able to identify the brothers as the shooters.Both men are facing six counts of aggravated battery with a firearm, a Class X felony, for the six victims who were injured at the scene. None of the injuries were life-threatening. They also face two counts of aggravated discharge of a firearm, a Class 1 felony, for shooting the Lounge and a vehicle on the parking lot. Finally, both men were on parole and were therefore charged with one count of unlawful possession of weapons by a felon, a Class 2 felony.Bond was set at $1 million by Associate Judge Neil Schroeder.Vincent Gordon is currently in custody at the Madison County Jail in Edwardsville. He is awaiting transfer to Missouri for his parole violation on a kidnapping conviction. Vontarius Gordon, who was convicted in Illinois for aggravated battery with a firearm, has already been transferred to Menard Correctional Center on his parole violation.Gibbons thanked Assistant State’s Attorney Crystal Uhe, chief of the Criminal Division, and the officers from the multiple police departments for sorting out a difficult case that led to Friday’s charges.“We are very fortunate that no one was killed that night,” said Gibbons. “It was a very chaotic scene and thanks to the diligent work of everyone involved, both of these violent men are back in custody.”Maximum penalty for a Class X felony is 6-30 years in prison; maximum for a Class 1 felony is 4-15 years in prison and 3-7 years on the Class 2 felony.The charges, as well as the statements made by the State’s Attorney’s Office, are based upon probable cause. The defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty."
238,185,365391,"June 28, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,Gratiot and Loretto,0,5,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2015/06/28/several-shot-detroit-block-party/29449155/,"Detroit— As the summer heats up, so apparently are the number of mass shootings at block parties in the city.Overnight, there were two separate incidents of shootings at two block parties, injuring five people at one party, four of them teenagers, on Sunday night. Several hours later, one person was reportedly shot early Monday morning at a second party about a mile away.According to the Detroit Police Department five people, four of them teenagers, were shot at about 9:30 p.m. Sunday at a party in the area of Gratiot and Whitmore on the city’s east side.Police listed the ages of the victims as 14, 18, 19, 19 and 29.All are listed in temporary serious condition at a local hospital. Police have no information on the shooter or shooters at this time, according to Sgt. Cassandra Lewis.Information on the second shooting Sunday night is scarce but one person was reportedly wounded at a gathering near Wilshire and Roseberry. The condition of that victim is currenty unknown.On Friday night, four people were shot at a block party on Stringham Court, near E. Conner and Warren, that was attended by about 100. All of the injuries were reported as non-life threatening.On June 20, 11 were shot in the city at a block party held on a basketball court at the intersection of Webb and Dexter. One person, age 19, was killed.The other victims are expected to recover.Police were especially upset that none of the 400 in attendance at the party came forward as witnesses to the incident. No arrests have been made.TGreenwood@detroitnews.com(313) 222-2023"
239,188,364789,"June 27, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,Stringham Court,0,4,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2015/06/28/several-shot-detroit-block-party/29449155/,"Detroit— As the summer heats up, so apparently are the number of mass shootings at block parties in the city.Overnight, there were two separate incidents of shootings at two block parties, injuring five people at one party, four of them teenagers, on Sunday night. Several hours later, one person was reportedly shot early Monday morning at a second party about a mile away.According to the Detroit Police Department five people, four of them teenagers, were shot at about 9:30 p.m. Sunday at a party in the area of Gratiot and Whitmore on the city’s east side.Police listed the ages of the victims as 14, 18, 19, 19 and 29.All are listed in temporary serious condition at a local hospital. Police have no information on the shooter or shooters at this time, according to Sgt. Cassandra Lewis.Information on the second shooting Sunday night is scarce but one person was reportedly wounded at a gathering near Wilshire and Roseberry. The condition of that victim is currenty unknown.On Friday night, four people were shot at a block party on Stringham Court, near E. Conner and Warren, that was attended by about 100. All of the injuries were reported as non-life threatening.On June 20, 11 were shot in the city at a block party held on a basketball court at the intersection of Webb and Dexter. One person, age 19, was killed.The other victims are expected to recover.Police were especially upset that none of the 400 in attendance at the party came forward as witnesses to the incident. No arrests have been made.TGreenwood@detroitnews.com(313) 222-2023"
240,187,364872,"June 27, 2015",Massachusetts,Taunton,Weir Street,1,3,http://wpri.com/2015/07/09/taunton-teen-charged-with-murder-in-fatal-shooting/,"WPRI.comby:Shaun TowneTAUNTON, Mass. (WPRI) — Taunton police have charged a suspect in a recent shooting that claimed the life of one man and injured three other people.Lorenze C. DaVeiga, 19, previously of Lowell Street, will be arraigned Thursday on a murder charge for the death of 24-year-old Marques McCassie, according to the office of Bristol County District Attorney Thomas Quinn.Four people were taken to nearby hospitals after they wereshot in the area of Weir Streetat about 5:45 p.m. on June 27. McCassie was pronounced dead at Morton Hospital an hour later.DaVeiga is also charged with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.BOSTON (AP) — This year’s 11th graders won’t be required to take the MCAS test to graduate as the state continues to slowly emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic.The Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education board voted Tuesday to modify graduation requirements so members of the Class of 2022 won’t be required to take the MCAS test to graduate due to the turmoil created by the pandemic.NEW YORK (AP) — Dogecoin had its day.After fans of the cryptocurrency touted April 20, long an unofficial holiday for marijuana devotees, as “Doge Day,” Dogecoin failed to come close to the $1 target that supporters hoped to reach and was falling in late afternoon trading.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S.The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
241,189,363418,"June 24, 2015",New York,New York (Manhattan),2110 Madison Ave,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20150624/central-harlem/4-people-wounded-1-critically-daylight-shooting-harlem-sources-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.MANHATTAN — Four people were shot, one critically, in a daylight shooting that started outside a neighborhood deli across from theLincoln HousesWednesday, authorities said.The shooter, who has not been identified and is still at large, fired several shots from the street into 20 Stars Deli/Grocery at 2110 Madison Ave. about 3:30 p.m., sources said. A 25-year-old man was struck in the head and grievously wounded. A 17-year-old man who was also in the shop was hit in the chest.The gunman also wounded a 43-year-old man in the chest and neck and a 24-year-old woman was grazed in the arm by a bullet in the courtyard of the public housing project across the street, sources said.Angel Rivera, 25, a construction worker from Queens working on 132nd Street, said ""We heard four or five shots.""The police department had no immediate information on the shooting.Wanda Machin, 35, mother of three who lives across the street from the shooting, expressed frustration over the rise of shootings in the area.""Broad daylight! It's gotten worse since the last administration, way worse,"" Machin said. ""I purchased in that store before. It could have been anyone.""Reporting by Murray Weiss, Janon Fisher, Ben Fractenberg, Alice Guilhamon and Gustavo Solis.Next inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemNext inHarlemCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
242,191,366949,"June 21, 2015",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh (Wilkinsburg),Rebecca and East Swissvale Avenue,0,4,http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2015/06/22/county-police-homicide-detectives-investigating-shooting-in-wilkinsburg/,"WILKINSBURG (KDKA)- Shots rang out in Wilkinsburg overnight, and at least four people may have been injured.Allegheny County homicide detectives were called to the scene near the intersection of Rebecca and East Swissvale Avenues. The shooting took place around 11:45 p.m. Sunday.“We heard about four or five rounds and I turned to him and I said. ‘What was that, do you think that was gunshots?’” Vanessa Young said.Forensic investigators gathered evidence, and at least 18 evidence markers were on the ground at the scene. There were multiple shell casings from the shooting.Two of victims are brothers who were on the stoop of an apartment building.Two of the victims were taken to area hospitals and had to undergo surgery. The third victim was in less serious condition.“It was just really scary because I have children. They were in bed sleeping and the last thing I want to think about when I just put my kids to sleep is if I got to get down for fear that shots come through my apartment,” Young said.Police are not revealing any information about a possible motive or how many were involved in the shooting.The scene of the shooting was cleared around 2:15 a.m.  A few minutes later, there was a report of another shooting just four or five blocks away.In that incident, a man was shot in the leg along the 1600-block of Wesley Street. He was taken to the hospital and was last listed in stable condition.Meanwhile, people in the neighborhood are worried about the reckless shooting.“Them shooting, hitting your house, hitting you. It could be all different types of situations,” one woman said.“It could affect my family and it could affect my family horribly. Someone in my family could be gone because of what’s going on out here,” Young said.So far, there have been no arrests in either shooting.Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook PageStay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter"
243,193,361198,"June 20, 2015",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,4100 block of Ogden St,0,10,http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Shooters-Identified-in-Block-Party-Shotgun-Shooting-That-Hurt-10-Including-Children-310193121.html,"Detectives have identified two men who they say opened fire on a block party filled with family members and children with a shotgun last Saturday.Kyleif Harley and Dominic Lamar, both 23, are wanted for the drive-by shooting on the 4100 block of Ogden Street in West Philadelphiaon June 20, Lt. John Walker said.It was around 9 p.m. that night when the men drove to the street and opened fire at least once with the shotgun and then fired several times with a handgun, police said.Breaking news and the stories that matter to your neighborhood.The gunfire injured 11 people, eight from the same family, with the youngest victim being a 1-year-old girl. Two boys, an 11- and 12-year-old, were also struck. Police discovered the 11th victim over the course of their investigation.""It's a blessing though that they made it, seriously,"" Tyrone Jones, who helped organize the party,told NBC10 this week.The victims have all been released from the hospital, but some are continuing to be treated because they have shotgun pellets embedded in their bodies that cannot be removed without inflicting more damage, according to the lieutenant.Walker said Harley and Lamar were looking for a person in that area and appeared to open fire randomly. Both have a criminal background and will face several charges when arrested including attempted murder and aggravated assault.Anyone with information is asked to call Philadelphia Police's tip line at 215.686.TIPS."
244,194,360895,"June 20, 2015",North Carolina,Morven,6066 Robinson Bridge Rd,0,4,https://ansonrecord.com/uncategorized/339/sheriff-names-two-suspects-in-morven-triple-shooting,"Authorities have arrested one suspect and have a warrant for another following a triple shooting in Morven on Saturday.Authorities suspect Frank Hall, 22, of Polkton and Oscar Willoughby Jr., 42, of Charlotte were involved in a shooting at the Boom Boom Room in Morven at 2:43 a.m. on Saturday. Natasha Leak, Anthony Lewis Gaddy, Consquelo Little and Anthony Griffin were all shot with a .32 caliber Smith and Weapon six-shot revolver, according to the arrest warrants for Hall.According to a release from the Anson County Sheriff’s Office, deputies found Hall walking along U.S. Highway 52 in Morven after seeing that he matched the description of the suspect. He had a small caliber pistol with him and was taken in for questioning before being charged with the shootings.Detectives from the Sheriff’s Office and agents from the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation identified Willoughby as a second suspect but did not reveal what led them to him. “[We] determined that the shooting incident occurred during a dispute between Hall and Willoughby,” the release said.Consquelo Little, 30, of Morven, is seven months pregnant. She was shot in the back and taken first to Chesterfield General in South Carolina, then transported to McLeod Regional in Florence.Natasha Leak, 34, of Morven, was shot in the mouth and taken to Chesterfield General before being taken to McLeod Regional.Both women are listed as being in serious condition.Anthony Gaddy, 44, of Monroe was shot in the chest and taken to CHS — Anson. He was later taken to CMC — Main in Charlotte in serious condition.Joseph Hall, 47, of Wadesboro suffered an unknown injury and was also taken to CHS-Anson before being transported to CMC-Main in Charlotte. He was not shot, but the sheriff’s office had no information on his injuries.Both men were still in the hospital as of Monday at 11:43 a.m.Hall was charged with two counts of assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill inflicting serious injury. He is being held in the Anson County Jail under a $400,000 secured bond.Willoughby will also be charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill inflicting serious injury, according to the sheriff’s office. “He lives in Charlotte, so we may have to go another route or get assistance from Mecklenburg County,” Sheriff Landric Reid said.Willoughby’s warrant will not be public record until the Anson courthouse has received notice that it has been served, a court clerk said.Hall is due in court on July 7 at 9:30 a.m.The Boom Boom Room is currently closed. “Sheriff Reid spoke with Glenn Byrd, the owner and operator of the Boom Boom Room, and advised him that the club could not be reopen (sic) without proper paperwork and permits, and that if it was reopened without these items Byrd will be charged,” the release said.Several departments responded to the scene of the shooting. “Sheriff Reid would like to thank the deputies from the Anson County Sheriff’s Office, other officers from the Wadesboro Police Department, N.C. Highway Patrol, N.C. SBI, Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office, members of the Anson Rescue Squad, and Anson EMS for all their hard work during this stressful and chaotic situation,” Reid said in the release.Follow the story at www.ansonrecord.com for more details as they are released and see Wednesday’s issue for a full story.Anson gets $76,400 in United Way fundingCounty commissioners continue budget talksApril 20, 2021WADESBORO — A senior defensive lineman standout has committed to St. Augustine College in Raleigh.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — Drivers in both directions on U.S. 74 were jammed up late Friday afternoon due to a fire and five-car accident.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — New summer camps are coming to the Rotary Planetary and Science Center for students K-5.[…]April 20, 2021Bipartisanship, like pollen, has been in the air in Raleigh lately. Both will be gone soon.[…]April 20, 2021From time to time, a stereotypical rumor will get started concerning some preacher somewhere, namely that he is running around with his secretary or piano player. In my case, this is entirely true, and I hope that it will continue to be so for a very long time since I am married to the amazing woman who fills both of those roles. Thus it is that our church has an unusual paradigm; if the pastor here ISN’T running around with the secretary and piano player there is a problem.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — Finding a way to reinstate the teaching supplement to the staff of Anson County Schools was a top priority for Superintendent Howard McLean after the county commissioners cut the budget by $400,000 in 2020.[…]April 20, 2021HAMLET — Lilesville resident received the 2021 Academic Excellence Award from Richmond Community College.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — Friends and family gathered together in an educational way to honor the life of J.C., a 33-year-old who lost his life in July of 2020, at Wadesboro Park on April 17.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — A sunny spring day brought together motorcycle riders from the area for a charity ride to benefit Anson County Homes of Hope.[…]April 20, 2021Anson County is one of the newest communities on the Visit NC Farms App, created by the NC Department of Agriculture.[…]April 20, 2021WADESBORO — The Hampton B. Allen Library is moving forward with reopening its doors, and will continue to follow state guidelines relating to the COVID-19 pandemic.[…]April 20, 2021POLKTON — South Piedmont Community College’s Small Business Center will lead the 2021 “53 Ideas Pitch Competition” for residents across the region to submit business ideas.[…]Call:T:704-694-2161F:704-694-7060Mail:123 E. Martin St. Suite 400,Wadesboro NC, 281702018 Champion Media"
245,195,361212,"June 20, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,Dexter and Webb,1,11,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2015/06/21/block-party-shooting/29069505/,"Detroit— Decrying the no-snitch silence that descended over a west side neighborhood after a block party erupted in violence, leaving one dead and 11 others shot, Police Chief James Craig on Sunday pleaded with witnesses to come forward and identify the ""urban terrorists.""The chief and detectives canvassed the area of Dexter and Webb looking for clues to the shooting that marred the start of summer in a barrage of gunshots Saturday. Police called the shooting retaliatory and labeled the shooters ""cowardly thugs.""Craig said officers are seeking two men believed to have exchanged gunfire with the victim, 19-year-old Malik Jones.But Craig said the ""neighborhood is not talking"" and urged witnesses to help them catch the two shooters. He said 47 shots were fired at the annual neighborhood basketball game, attended by families.""We're making a passionate plea to the community to talk. They need to respond,"" Craig said. ""They're fed up and we're fed up.""As I have said time and again, the police cannot do this alone.""Craig said he didn't have statistics with him but believed the past weekend was one of the most violent weekends of the year in Detroit.In a separate incidents, a 19-year-old woman was wounded by gunshot while walking on Monroe in Greektown on Saturday night, police said. And early Sunday morning, a would-be robber entered Pete's Grill and Coney Island at Outer Drive and Dequindre announcing a holdup. A cook in the restaurant shot the man several times, killing him.The shootings extended to Sunday evening, injuring a woman and her 2-year old, innocent bystanders in neighborhood argument over dogs.Jones, the homicide victim in the Dexter and Webb shootout, was killed three blocks from where he lived. Craig said Jones had been shot about a month ago in the neighborhood.The other victims ranged in age from 19 to 47, Craig said, adding that seven are recovering at home and four remain in the hospital in stable condition.Police say someone opened fire about 8:30 p.m. Saturday at a party on a basketball court where about 300 people were gathered.Community activist Helen Moore, president of the Dexter Elmhurst Community Center, said the basketball game was not sponsored by the center, which owns the parking lot used as a basketball court.Moore, who was not present, said the area often hosts community events. She said she was not aware of any notification that an event was planned there Saturday night.""We are going to have a community meeting and encourage people to talk so this doesn't happen again,"" Moore said. ""We can work with them and work with police for additional patrols.""Moore said the community center has been the target of vandals and thieves in recent years, including rooftop thefts of equipment and metal, which have affected the center's operations.Jerome Thompson, 65, lived in the neighborhood most of his life, but said he recently moved to Warren because of break-ins and other crime.""It's sad,"" he said, looking at the scene of Saturday's shooting. ""I was raised on this court.""The neighborhood surrounding the run-down parking lot is filled with dilapidated, abandoned store fronts.Craig stayed in the neighborhood talking with a handful of passers-by for about 20 minutes after the Sunday afternoon news conference. That included two teens, one bouncing a basketball, who walked down Dexter.""Do you know who I am?"" Craig asked them, before peppering them with questions and telling them the department needed their help to catch the shooter.Another, who pedaled past the basketball courts on a bicycle, shouted out his appreciation to Craig for helping to make the city safer.""You're doing a good job,"" the youth shouted out, to which Craig wearily replied, ""Not today.""Jones was well-known and popular in the neighborhood, said Melissa Brown, a childhood friend who watched the Sunday news conference from a bus stop across Dexter.""He loved to smile,"" Brown said. ""Everybody out here loved Malik, and the police aren't going to find his killer.""She said witnesses likely won't come forward because they don't believe police will protect them. Brown said she's angry that officers didn't do a better job of monitoring the game. It has been an annual event for years, and police should have been better prepared, she said.""The police should have been out there,"" Brown said. ""You need to treat this area like you do downtown. None of these cops care about this neighborhood.""""It's been going on too long for them not to know.""Police said they had been in the area a few hours before the shooting, clearing the streets of cars, and that participants had cooperated.""We had made our presence known, "" said Capt. Nick Kyriacou, who said a preliminary investigation indicates someone was in pursuit of Jones, who ""for whatever reason decided to conceal himself in a crowd"" before the shooting.""This (shooting incident) is an anomaly,"" Craig said. ""Crime in general and violent crime specifically have both been trending down (here). At least, until recently.""You have 12 people shot in one incident, and that is going to make the numbers go up.""The shooting came two days before Detroit's annual fireworks show, set for 10:06 p.m. Monday. The fireworks caps the city's four-day River Days festival.Craig had pushed for a citywide curfew from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. for minors ages 17 and younger for four nights beginning Friday and ending Monday for River Days, but it was defeated by the Detroit City Council in a 4-3 vote Tuesday. The council narrowly favored a curfew for the fireworks show Monday that will run from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. and be limited to downtown.Kyriacou said efforts were being made to arrange a community meeting ""as soon as possible"" this week to discuss the shooting.""We want to bring all the stakeholders together — the neighborhood's residents, the people who were at the shooting, community groups — so we can get the people responsible,"" said Kyriacou. ""We are not going to let them bring the community or the city down.""One person who plans to attend the community meeting is Garland Hardeman, a member of a neighborhood block group, who said numerous concerns need to be addressed.""We have to get together,"" Hardeman said after talking briefly with Craig. ""The neighborhood and police and everyone.""Police were passing out (800) SPEAK UP leaflets to residents and putting them in doorways with the hope of getting tips with information about those responsible for shooting.Anyone with information can also call (313) 596-1616.mmartindale@detroitnews.comAssociated Press contributed."
246,196,361014,"June 19, 2015",Rhode Island,Woonsocket,80 River Street,0,4,http://www.valleybreeze.com/2016-06-01/woonsocket-north-smithfield/woonsocket-man-gets-55-years-robberies-shooting-outside-alys#.V1NroOQYEk7,"PROVIDENCE – Zackary Alvarado, age 20, of 285 Main St., Woonsocket, was sentenced Wednesday to 55 years with 35 years to serve in prison and the remainder suspended with probation.Alvarado will be eligible for parole in 10 to 15 years. If he violates conditions of his probation, he would serve the rest of his sentence without the chance for parole, according to the Office of the Attorney General(these two sentences correct information previously included from the AG's office making it appear that Alvarado would not be eligible for parole for the duration of his sentence).Superior Court Justice Robert Krause sentenced Alvarado for multiple robberies and assaults that took place over a four-month period in 2015 that culminated with Alvarado shooting four people outside Aly’s Riverside Pub in Woonsocket on June 19, 2015. Alvarado had pleaded guilty Judge Krause on March 23.Had the case proceeded to trial, prosecutors say they were prepared to prove that Alvarado robbed at gunpoint the Metro PCS store on Main Street in Woonsocket three times in March and April of last year. During the April 27 robbery, he fired the weapon into the air. On June 13, 2015, the defendant robbed at gunpoint the Metro PCS stor  on Social Street in Woonsocket.  During the robbery, the defendant fired the gun into the front desk of the store.In the very early hours of June 19, 2015, Alvarado, armed with a .22 caliber Luger, shot four people who were gathered outside Aly’s in a parking lot on River Street.Alvarado then fled the scene. He turned himself over to the Woonsocket Police later that day, and had been held without bail since his arrest.Shell casings from the scene on River Street matched the shell casings from two of the Metro PCS robberies. Victims of the robberies also identified the defendant.“Armed with an illegal firearm, Zachary Alvarado was a one-man crime spree who wrought havoc through the city of Woonsocket,” said Attorney Gen. Peter Kilmartin. “Today’s sentence sends a strong message that gun violence in our communities will be met with stiff criminal penalties.”Woonsocket Police Detectives Kevin Sanford and Thomas Gormley investigated the case and Special Assistant Attorneys General Peter Roklan and Joseph McBurney prosecuted the case on behalf of the Office of Attorney General.© 2021 Breeze Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | 6 Blackstone Valley Place, Suite 204, Lincoln, RI 02865 |Top of Page"
247,197,359830,"June 17, 2015",South Carolina,Charleston,110 Calhoun Street,9,0,http://7online.com/news/charleston-shooting-suspect-tried-killing-self-after-shooting-victims-son-says/797301/,"WATCHLIVEBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.Victim of Anti-Asian attack in front of building speaks outUnion files lawsuit on behalf of Asian American detective who was harassedMore COVID-19 vaccination sites opening in NYC"
248,198,359215,"June 16, 2015",Florida,Miami Gardens,600 block of Northwest 177th Street,0,4,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/Four-People-Shot-in-Miami-Gardens-Police-307722511.html,"A man wanted in connection to a quadruple shooting during a party at a Miami Gardens apartment complex turned himself in to police Wednesday, officials said.Ivan Clark, 21, turned himself in and will face four counts of attempted second-degree murder, Miami Gardens Police said. It was unknown if he has an attorney.The shooting was reported in the 600 block of Northwest 177th Street Tuesday afternoon.Investigators say it happened in broad daylight as people were gathering for a birthday party. Right after the shots were fired a woman pulled into the complex to visit a friend. When she arrived she said she found out her friend's son was one of those hit by a bullet.""I didn't see nothing... I just pulled up at the wrong time to visit my friend, whose son got shot,"" she said.Police officials said two victims were critical but stable, one was transported to the hospital on the ground and the fourth was treated at the scene.All of the victims are adults and are believed to be males.Police said Clark has a criminal past and has done prison time for burglary and grand theft.Investigators said the motive for the shooting is still under investigation."
249,199,358117,"June 15, 2015",New York,Brooklyn,673 Flatbush Avenue,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/4-shot-1-slashed-brooklyn-bar-sources-article-1.2258318,"He was hanging out at a Brooklyn bar to promote his new clothing line when he was nearly killed in hail of bullets.A fight broke out, gunfire cracked and patrons scurried for safety about 2:50 a.m. Monday. Four people were shot — one was stabbed — adding to a troubling rise in the number of gunshot victims in the city.Eugene Davison, 30, was the most seriously wounded in front of D Avenue Sports Bar on Flatbush Ave. in Prospect Lefferts Gardens. Davison, the youngest of 10 children and the father of three, was shot in the neck, but is expected to survive.""My brother was not out there causing problems,"" said his sister Dolores Williams, who drove to Kings County Hospital from Lancaster, Pa., after hearing about the shooting. ""Eugene didn't have problems with anybody. ... From what we've heard it was a stray bullet.""Police statistics released on Monday show the number of shootings citywide is up 10% through Sunday compared with the same time period last year. The number of murders has spiked an alarming 19% — with 150 people killed this year compared with 126 at this point in 2014.The increase in violence comes even as overall crime is down 6.6% across the five boroughs.No one has been arrested in the Monday morning spray of gunfire in Brooklyn. Video surveillance shows a group of men in their 20s fleeing the scene after a fight began inside the bar and spilled outside. One of the victims appears to stumble back inside for help, the video shows.The bar's owner, Richard Raphael, 37, said the fight started when a man sucker punched another man on the street in front of the bar.The other victims include Marvin Bland, 34, who was shot in the arm, Eric Rollins, 24, who was grazed in the elbow, and William Cheathom, 30, who was shot in the leg and groin. All were treated at Kings County Hospital. Kadeem Earle, 24, was slashed in the back of the head but did not require medical treatment.Sources said most of the victims were not cooperating with police.""Its getting worse,"" said neighborhood resident James Jessmon, 55. ""It's getting bad.""For the week ending Sunday, 55 people were shot across the city in 45 different incidents. In the same week last year, there were 21 shooting incidents. Murders for the week were also up — eight this year, compared with five last year.A police source said there has been a spate of shootings involving more than one victim. The numbers have not changed significantly from last year. Records show 1.168 people have been struck in every shooting incident this year, compared with 1.165 last year.About 45% of the shootings last year were tied to street crews or gangs, police said. And many of the shootings this year have been linked to hardcore criminals suspected in multiple shootings.TheNYPD launched its Summer All-Out initiativelast week, flooding troubled neighborhoods with additional police. The strategy was successful last year in curbing the rise in violence during warm-weather months.ON A MOBILE DEVICE?WATCH THE RAW VIDEO HEREANDWATCH THE OTHER VIDEO HERE.rparascandola@nydailynews.com"
250,200,357597,"June 14, 2015",New Jersey,Camden,2800 block of Mitchell Street,1,3,http://www.nj.com/camden/index.ssf/2015/06/one_killed_three_injured_in_early_morning_shooting.html,"PoliceOne man was killed and three injured in an early morning shooting in Camden.(File photo)A man was killed and three others injured in a shooting that occurred early Sunday morning inCamden.Camden County police received reports of gunshot victims in the 2800 block of Mitchell Street at approximately 12:05 a.m. Sunday.Upon arrival, officers found Camden resident Tito Gomez, 44, lying in a parking lot with a gunshot wound. Gomez was taken by ambulance to Cooper University Hospital and was pronounced dead at 1:11 a.m.A 23-year-old Camden man and a 22-year-oldPennsaukenman were also shot and later found at an apartment on the 2800 block of Saunders Street.The fourth man shot in the incident, a 22-year-old Camden man, was driven to the hospital by a friend before police arrived.The three survivors were treated for gunshot wounds at Cooper hospital and later released.There have been no arrests and the shooting is still under investigation.Kelly Roncace may be reached atkroncace@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter@kellyroncace. Find theSouth Jersey Times on Facebook.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
251,201,357667,"June 14, 2015",Oklahoma,Tulsa,1800 block of North Kingston,0,4,http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/crimewatch/four-hospitalized-in-overnight-shooting-at-north-tulsa-party/article_cdb02e7a-c686-58c0-971a-3638aff44fd7.html,"Four people were hospitalized after a gunfight erupted at an overnight party, according to police.Officers responded to a reported shooting victim in the 6200 block of East Marshall Place about 4:25 a.m. and found one victim with a gunshot wound to the chest, police said.Police discovered the shooting took place at a building in the 1800 block of North Kingston, where an after-hours party was taking place. Three more gunshot victims also were taken to area hospitals.Officers interviewed more than 20 witnesses at the party, including three security guards who had been armed, according to police. Three handguns were recovered from the guards. Several shell casings, apparently fired from multiple weapons, were found in the street in front of the building.Police believe the shooting started after an altercation broke out at the party. At least one shot was fired inside the building, moving the crowd outside, police said. Security followed the assailant — or assailants — outside and exchanged gunfire.Four people were shot, at least one in critical condition. The conditions of the other three are unknown. It is unclear whether the victims were the shooters or bystanders, but no security guards were struck, police said.Officers are waiting on a search warrant.Anyone with information may contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 918-596-COPS (2677), online atbit.ly/crimestopperstipsor via text message at CRIMES (274637). Text tips should begin with “Tip918.”Kyle Hinchey 918-581-8451kyle.hinchey@tulsaworld.comGet local news delivered to your inbox!Mariely Lopez, who authorities say was ""recruited"" to help steal a man's gun, has been charged with first-degree felony murder in connection with the death of her alleged accomplice during the robbery.Mariely Lopez, who authorities say was ""recruited"" to help steal a man's gun, has been charged with first-degree felony murder in connection with the death of her alleged accomplice during the robbery.Mayor G.T. Bynum says he likes the idea of consolidating public safety services under one roof but that one big hurdle stands in the way — money.Mayor G.T. Bynum says he likes the idea of consolidating public safety services under one roof but that one big hurdle stands in the way — money.Officer Latoya Dythe pleaded guilty to facilitating the straw purchase of a gun for her boyfriend, who was later arrested on state charges.Federal prosecutors indict Tulsa police officer on felony firearm chargesOfficer Latoya Dythe pleaded guilty to facilitating the straw purchase of a gun for her boyfriend, who was later arrested on state charges.Federal prosecutors indict Tulsa police officer on felony firearm chargesThe driver, a 54-year-old man from Springdale, Arkansas, was treated at a Muskogee hospital and then was taken to the Muskogee County jail. Troopers allege in their report that the crash was caused by his driving under the influence of illegal drugs.The driver, a 54-year-old man from Springdale, Arkansas, was treated at a Muskogee hospital and then was taken to the Muskogee County jail. Troopers allege in their report that the crash was caused by his driving under the influence of illegal drugs.Benjamin Robert Cole Sr., who turns 56 Thursday, now faces a federal charge of first-degree murder in Indian Country in connection with the 2002 murder of his 9-month-old daughter, Brianna Cole.Feds file murder charge in 2008 Tulsa County killing linked to McGirt rulingBenjamin Robert Cole Sr., who turns 56 Thursday, now faces a federal charge of first-degree murder in Indian Country in connection with the 2002 murder of his 9-month-old daughter, Brianna Cole.Feds file murder charge in 2008 Tulsa County killing linked to McGirt rulingPayouts of $3.6 million and $3.4 million will settle federal civil rights claims made on behalf of two Tulsa Jail detainees who died in 2011 and 2012.Payouts of $3.6 million and $3.4 million will settle federal civil rights claims made on behalf of two Tulsa Jail detainees who died in 2011 and 2012.Dallas Gene Hastings, Justin Dale Little, Steve Wayne Lockler Jr. and Gary Dewayne Boggs are the latest state inmates to see charges filed against them in Tulsa federal court.Dallas Gene Hastings, Justin Dale Little, Steve Wayne Lockler Jr. and Gary Dewayne Boggs are the latest state inmates to see charges filed against them in Tulsa federal court.Two rulings from the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals show that just saying you have American Indian blood isn’t necessarily enough to get your state conviction overturned on jurisdictional grounds.Two rulings from the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals show that just saying you have American Indian blood isn’t necessarily enough to get your state conviction overturned on jurisdictional grounds.Four juveniles in a reportedly stolen car traveling north on U.S. 75 were fired upon about 1:55 p.m. Monday, police said.Four juveniles in a reportedly stolen car traveling north on U.S. 75 were fired upon about 1:55 p.m. Monday, police said.Anyone with information about Maurice Burgess' killing is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 918-596-COPS (2677),bit.ly/TCStipsor through the Tulsa Tips app, which can be downloaded from the Google Play or iTunes stores.Anyone with information about Maurice Burgess' killing is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 918-596-COPS (2677),bit.ly/TCStipsor through the Tulsa Tips app, which can be downloaded from the Google Play or iTunes stores.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
252,202,357611,"June 14, 2015",Missouri,Saint Louis,1400 block of North Market Street,0,4,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/four-teens-shot-after-party-in-st-louis/article_998053df-ce00-5ecc-b4be-0e779b1de91a.html,"ST. LOUIS• Four teenagers were recovering after being shot about 11:08 p.m. Saturday in a drive-by shooting in the 1400 block of North Market Street.Authorities said that three of the four victims were in stable condition after being grazed by bullets. A fourth remained in critical but stable condition after being shot in the neck, police said.The victims, all in their late teens, were shot when a party was letting out. A black SUV drove by and a shooter or shooters fired shots, hitting all four.EDITOR'S NOTE:An earlier version of this story gave an incorrect time for the shooting. This version has been corrected.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Margaret S. Gillerman is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
253,204,357590,"June 13, 2015",Oklahoma,Oklahoma City,500 block of SE 69th St,0,4,http://www.okcfox.com/story/29315672/four-injured-in-drive-by-shooting-2-arrested,
254,206,357701,"June 13, 2015",New York,Bronx,2409 Creston Avenue,0,5,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Suspect-Sought-5-Shot-Bronx-NYPD-307540851.html,"Police are looking for a man who shot and injured five people Saturday in the Bronx.The suspect approached a group of men at about 9 p.m. on Creston Avenue and brandished a 40 caliber handgun, firing it several times at the group and injuring five people, police said.The victims, between 20 and 26 years old, received several gunshot wounds and were taken to nearby hospitals. One victim who received a gunshot wound to the chest was listed in critical condition while the others were treated and released.The shooter fled and was last seen walking northbound on Creston Avenue.Police released surveillance footage of the suspect. Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 800-577-TIPS."
255,207,357164,"June 13, 2015",Ohio,Columbus,1623 E. Hudson Street,4,1,http://nbc4i.com/2017/01/19/robert-adams-sentenced-to-life-without-parole-for-each-victim-of-columbus-quadruple-murder/,"NBC4 WCMH-TVby:Joe ClarkCOLUMBUS  (WCMH) — Robert Lee Adams was sentenced to life without parole for his part in the quadruple murders at a South Linden home in June of 2015.Adams was sentenced on each of the four counts of murder, and 11 years on the attempted murder. He also received an additional two years for the gun specification. His sentences are to run consecutively, according to the judge.During the sentencing hearing, Adams addressed the court and apologized.Adams pleaded guilty Tuesday to four execution style murders and a fifth attempted murder.According to Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O’Brien Adams, 29, pleaded guilty to the murders of Michael Ballour, 41, Daniel Craig Sharp, 26, Angela D. Harrison, 35, and Tyajah N. Nelson, 18, that occurred in the basement of Ballour’s house located in the 1600 block of E. Hudson Street in South Linden, June 13, 2015.Adams was accompanied by juvenile Jordyn D. Wade, age 16 at the time of the murders. Wade was sentenced to 172.5 years to life on September 13, 2016.The pair robbed the victims, ordered them to the basement, and Adams then shot the victims, murdering four of them, while Wade stood at the top of the stairs with his gun drawn. After the shooting Adams and Wade fled the scene.One of the five victims survived the shooting and stumbled from the residence where they sought help. Wade was picked up shortly thereafter.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S.The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.COSHOCTON, Ohio (WCMH) — Charges have been filed against a 19-year-old man in the death of Brianna Ratliff, who was reported missing last week and her body found over the weekend in a vacant house.Blake A. Grewell of Coshocton is being charged with aggravated murder, with additional charges pending, Coshocton County Sheriff James Crawford said Tuesday.COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH)-- The Columbus Division of Police is investigating after the Police Memorial at Genoa Park was vandalized with obscene graffiti.CPD says an obscene picture was spray painted on the memorial overnight Monday into Tuesday, covering names of the fallen police officers listed on the memorial."
256,208,357220,"June 12, 2015",Florida,Allapattah,24th Avenue and 36th Street,0,4,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/At-Least-1-Shot-in-Allapattah-Club-Shooting-307106481.html,"Four people were shot in an incident outside of an Allapattah nightclub early Friday, with the gunman still at large.The incident began when a fight erupted inside The Flow Bar & Lounge, located at 24th Avenue and 36th Street in Allapattah, around 5:30 a.m. and spilled out into the street, according to Miami Police.Surveillance video showed people rushing in a panic away from the clubTomico Mortimer, a bouncer at the lounge, told NBC 6 South Florida in the midst of that fight, someone involved in the melee started shooting.""Everybody just started dropping, one by one,"" Mortimer said.Mortimer said one of the waitresses was heading home when she was caught in the gunfire.""I took a belt and made sure I tied it off so it wouldn't bleed, make sure to stop the blood,"" he said.Police said four people were shot. Three of those people were taken to the hospital by friends, while one was taken to the hospital by Miami Fire Rescue teams.All of the shooting victims are expected to be okay. All sustained gunshot wounds in their outer extremities.Mortimer said one of the shooting victims, a woman, also works there as a waitress and bartender. Mortimer assisted her by tying her wound area.The gunman is still on the run. Police say they do not yet know a motive for the shooting, other than the fight inside the bar.No further details on the incident were immediately available.Traffic to the area was closed for several hours Friday morning as police investigated. The lanes have since been reopened to traffic.Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPSThis is a developing story and will be updated as new information becomes available."
257,209,356065,"June 11, 2015",Connecticut,Bridgeport,468 Trumbull Ave,1,8,http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Trial-begins-in-gang-shooting-spree-case-8343116.php,"BRIDGEPORT - It was chaos.Gunfire seemingly came from everywhere as dozens of people enjoyed a summer evening in the parking lot of the Trumbull Gardens housing project last year, witnesses testified in court Wednesday.But none of the witnesses could identify Jamal “MooMoo” Hamilton as the shooter who killed one person and wounded eight others.“We were just talking, hanging out, drinking liquor,”Kimberly Mirandarecalled under questioning by Senior Assistant State’s AttorneyMichael DeJoseph.Then, Miranda said, she heard the gunshots.“I turned to Vahn (Savonie “Vahnnie” McNeil) and Vahn told me to run and duck, and I hid between two cars,” Miranda continued. “I got up to check if Vahn was OK and Vahn was on the ground, he was lifeless and bleeding from the head. I got scared, I screamed and I told him we were going to be OK.”Miranda didn’t realize until a short time later that she had been shot twice.“Shauna told me to sit on the curb because I had a bullet sticking out of my stomach,” she testified. “It was total chaos, massive noise, people screaming.”Hamilton, 24, is facing a 12-member jury. He is charged with murder and eight counts each of first-degree assault for the June 11, 2015, shooting spree. The trial began Wednesday morning.It’s a case that arguably propelledJoe Ganimto the mayor’s seat.The shooting came the same dayBill Finchwas to announce his re-election bid, armed with a claim that his administration was responsible for a decrease in violent crime in the city.Instead, Finch was forced to postpone his announcement, giving Ganim — who announced that day the opening of his own police substation just outside the Trumbull Gardens housing project — the upper hand.Bruce Nelsontestified Wednesday that he was shot in the right hip and right leg.“At first I thought it was a firecracker, until people began running,” he said.A bullet brokeJared Fleming’s left leg but he was reluctant to talk about it in front of the jury.“No offense to my friend Vahnnie,” he added under questioning by DeJoseph.Under cross examination by Hamilton’s lawyer,Michael Riley, neither Fleming nor Nelson, both who grew up with Hamilton, recalled seeing him at the shooting scene. Neither they nor Miranda said they saw the shooter.Ellen Paytontestified she didn’t see anything. She had been taking a shower in her second-floor bathroom when a bullet came through the wall and struck her in the leg.“I can’t sleep and I’m afraid,” she told the jury.Police DetectiveThomas Harperwas the first police officer on the scene.“It was one of the most chaotic scenes I have been on,” he testified. “There was a large crowd of people who were screaming and yelling.”Harper said he found McNeil, 37, of Shelton, lying on his back between two parked cars, with a gunshot wound to the head.“I requested more officers and ambulances to the scene, and then I started going to other victims,” Harper said.Testimony is to continue Thursday morning.Daniel Tepfer has been reporting on legal issues and covering criminal cases for many years."
258,211,355644,"June 10, 2015",California,Los Angeles,South Vermont Avenue and West 88th Street,1,3,http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/One-Dead-Two-Critical-in-Shooting-in-South-LA-306822421.html,"A new father was killed and three others were hurt in a daytime shooting police believe is gang related in South Los Angeles.Sheriff's officials said the four victims were in or near a car on 88th Street and Vermont Avenue when another vehicle pulled alongside about 12:30 p.m.One of the occupants of the vehicle stepped out of the vehicle and fired at the victims, sheriff's Lt. Holly Francisco said. There is a possibility it is gang-related, she said.Local news from across Southern CaliforniaA separate shooting with similar circumstances occurred about an hour later seven blocks away in the 2000 block of West 83rd Street.Authorities said they were still investigating whether the shootings were related.Police said the second shooting involved a suspect in a possibly white Lexus, and the shooting victim was conscious and talking with paramedics before being taken to a hospital.Witness Larry Carter said he knew the dead man.""He just had a child about a yaer and a month,"" he said. ""He's trying to straighten out his life.""He said he didn't know why anyone would shoot him, but ""it's idiotic.""Community activist Kevin Orange was saddened by this latest violence.""It doesn't matter if it's gang related or not,"" he said. ""It's a loss of life."""
259,213,353854,"June 7, 2015",Montana,Deer Lodge,Boulder Creek Road,5,0,http://www.spokesman.com/stories/2015/jun/14/family-friends-mourn-montana-murder-suicide/,"Sun., June 14, 2015DEER LODGE, Mont.  – The brother of the woman killed in a murder-suicide described his sister as caring, tenacious and giving.Phil High-Edward has been in Montana this week to claim the bodies of his sister, Arie Arlynn Lee, 5-year-old Augustine, 4-year-old Woodrow, and 16-month-old Arie.Police said they were slain by Lee’s husband Michael Augustine “August” Bournes in their log cabin in rural southwestern Montana on June 7.High-Edward, of Spokane, told the Montana Standard that he and Lee were close as kids.High-Edward said he viewed Bournes as a “nice, great guy,” and he was happy his sister was happy.“(August) was always attentive. I never got one bad vibe from him,” he said.High-Edward said despite the urge to make sense of what led Bournes to kill his family, the reason will remain unknown.“We will never know. August and Arie are the only two people who know what happened from beginning to end. We can speculate, we can guess, we can theorize, but we will never know,” he said.KENNEWICK – Former classmates who attended Kamiakin High School with Arie Arlynn Lee in the early 1990s are still mourning their longtime friend.Miriam Byerly of Milton met Lee their freshman year in 1991. She remained friends with Lee, who was known as Arie Edward in school, the rest of Lee’s life.Byerly last talked to Lee, 37, on May 25, less than two weeks before Lee and her three children were shot dead by Michael Augustine “August” Bournes, 59, her companion and the kids’ father.Bournes then set fire to their southwestern Montana log cabin, laid down next to the children’s bodies and shot himself with a .45-caliber pistol.Friends say there were signs of trouble with Bournes, who had recently had an argument with the closest thing to neighbors in the remote wilderness area they lived in.“At the end, you could only talk to her for a little bit before she would have to go,” said Byerly, who has lived off-and-on in the Tri-Cities for years.That was a change from the woman her friends knew.“She exuded confidence, was strong, spoke her mind and had a great sense of humor,” Byerly said. “She was also kind, loyal, smart and the most loving person I’ve ever met. She was and always will be a beautiful soul.”Lee was born in Spokane and moved to the Tri-Cities at a young age, said her brother, Phil High-Edward.Tashia Flieger of Pasco took her children to visit Lee and her family at their Montana cabin in 2013, when they were in the area for her son’s baseball tournament. Her son helped Bournes get firewood for the long winter, while she watched Lee cook on a propane stove.“Everything she did was homemade,” Flieger said. “I must have a million pictures on my phone of something she would bake.”Flieger and Lee last saw each other a year later, when Lee visited them in Kalispel when Flieger returned for another tournament. Flieger cried for hours after they said goodbye, only to talk to Lee and learn that she did the same.After Lee’s youngest child, Arie, who was 1 when she was killed, was born, Flieger noticed a change.“I sent her a picture of the kids back in November and it took her a week to respond,” she said. “She said she was too busy.”Flieger feels bad because she did not try harder to find out what was going on with her friend.“I let her phase out,” she said. “Arie was not the kind of person who would share if she was going through hard times.”Lee hadn’t lived in the Tri-Cities since graduating from Kamiakin in 1995, but her friends continued to keep up with her. They have scheduled a celebration of life service at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at Calvary Chapel Tri-Cities, 10611 W. Clearwater Ave. in Kennewick.“There is an outpouring of people here who knew her and loved her,” Flieger said. “She was a huge part of the community, and her mother was a huge part of the community.”High-Edward, who lives in Spokane, will return to the Tri-Cities for the event.“I think it’s a perfect time to come together and remember Arie for the very sweet, nice, kind person she was,” he said.Local journalism is essential.Give directly to The Spokesman-Review's Northwest Passages community forums series -- which helps to offset the costs of several reporter and editor positions at the newspaper -- by using the easy options below. Gifts processed in this system are not tax deductible, but are predominately used to help meet the local financial requirements needed to receive national matching-grant funds.Get the day’s latest Coronavirus news delivered to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter.UPDATED: 2:59 p.m.If you suffer from joint pain, you know how it can greatly affect the quality of your life.© Copyright 2021, The Spokesman-Review |Community Guidelines|Terms of Service|Privacy Policy|Copyright Policy"
260,215,353037,"June 6, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,100 block of North Lorel Avenue,0,5,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-shooting-violence-20150605-story.html,"Three people, including a teenager, were killed and at least 12 others were wounded in separate shootings since Friday evening across the city, police said.The latest fatal shooting happened about 2:15 a.m. Saturday in the Bridgeport neighborhood on the South Side, police said.Richard Edwards, 17, of the 3900 block of South Lake Park Avenue, was fatally shot and an 18-year-old man wounded in the 700 block of West 36th Street, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office and Chicago Police News Affairs Officer Amina Greer, who was citing preliminary information.Edwards suffered a fatal wound to his armpit and was declared dead at the scene, according to police and the medical examiner's office. The 18-year-old was shot in the hand and shoulder and was taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where his condition stabilized, Greer said.At the crime scene, police officers put handcuffs on a man and appeared to take him into custody. Officers blocked off about half a block of 35th Street east of Halsted Street.The 17-year-old's body lay under a white sheet on a sidewalk on the south side of 35th.Half a block south, at 35th Place and Halsted, a black revolver lay on the ground, cordoned off by yellow police tape.A woman grieved loudly, leaning on a parked car, just south of the crime scene at 35th and Halsted. A man joined her and hugged her, trying to calm her down.""I just need to touch him,"" she cried out repeatedly, referring to the teenager who was lying dead on the sidewalk nearby. ""I just need to see it's my child. Please.""Over the course of the next two to three hours, several other family members and friends joined the woman. As the relatives walked up to her they started sobbing louder and louder.Three police officers stood near the group of relatives and friends. One officer rubbed the woman's shoulder with her hand as she wept.A handful of nearby residents, who stumbled upon the crime scene on the way home, watched and listened to the grieving from across the street.Daniel Lakemacher, 32, said he was on his bicycle on his way home from work when he saw crime scene tape and the teenager's body, which was still uncovered.""There is literally a dead body lying across a sidewalk I walked hundreds of times,"" Lakemacher said.In another fatal shooting that happened about 9:55 p.m. Friday,a 27-year-old man was fatally shot in the Little Village neighborhoodon the West Side, Greer said.Officers discovered Juan Ugalde lying unresponsive on a sidewalk in the northwest corner of 23rd Place and Washtenaw Avenue with a gunshot wound to the side of his face, according to the medical examiner's office and police.Ugalde, of the 2800 block of West 21st Street, was dead at the scene, according to the medical examiner's office.Shortly after 6 p.m., a 34-year-old man died after being shot on the Far South Side in the city's West Pullman neighborhood on the Far South Side, police said.Laurance Boyd, of the 12700 block of South May Street in south suburban Calumet Park, was sitting inside a parked vehicle in the 1300 block of West 122nd Street when someone approached and started firing in his direction, according to the medical examiner's office and Officer Bari Lemmon, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Police Department.The gunman fled east from the scene.Boyd was shot twice in the back and was taken in critical condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where he was pronounced dead at 8:24 p.m., according to the medical examiner's office and police.In other shootings:• A 21-year-old man was shot in the shoulder at 9:15 a.m. Saturday in the 1800 block of West 71st Street in the city's West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Police who was citing ""very preliminary""' information.• Another shooting took place at 6:45 a.m. Saturday in the 10700 block of South Champlain Avenue in the Roseland neighborhood on the Far South Side, Sedevic said. The victim, a 21-year-old man, was shot in the left forearm while walking. ""An offender with whom he'd had a previous verbal altercation with approached and fired shots,"" Sedevic said. He was in good condition at Roseland Hospital, Sedevic said, and no arrests were made.• Three women and two men were wounded about 3 a.m. Saturday while they were outside during a party in the South Austin neighborhood on the West Side, Greer said. All five were standing outside in a courtyard in the first block of North Lorel Avenue when an unknown attacker approached from a nearby gangway and fired several gunshots, Greer said.A 33-year-old woman was struck in the neck area and was taken in serious condition to Mount Sinai Hospital, Greer said. A 38-year-old woman was shot in the hand, and a 37-year-old woman was shot in the buttocks. Their conditions stabilized at Mount Sinai, Greer said.In addition, a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old man were wounded in the leg. Both were taken to Stroger hospital, where they stabilized, Greer said.No one was in custody as a result of the shooting early Saturday.• About 2:40 a.m. Saturday, a 39-year-old man was wounded in a shooting in the West Englewood neighborhood, police said. Police officers responded to a call of gunshots being fired in the 6500 block of South Oakley Avenue and found the man, who was struck in the arm and leg, according to police. The man was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where his condition stabilized, police said.• About 11:22 p.m. Friday, a 27-year-old man was wounded in a shooting in the Marquette Park neighborhood on the Southwest Side, police said. The man was standing outside in the 7300 block of South Artesian Avenue when someone in a passing dark-colored van fired gunshots, police said. The man wad struck in the leg and was taken to Holy Cross Hospital, where his condition stabilized, police said.• About 8:30 p.m. Friday, a 35-year-old man was wounded in a shooting in the 400 block of East 111th Street in the Roseland neighborhood, police said. The man was shot in the lower back and was taken to Advocate Christ, where his condition had stabilized, police said. The man was not being cooperative with police.• At 7:45 p.m. Friday, a man was shot in the 1000 block of North Monticello Avenue in the Humboldt Park neighborhood on the West Side, police said. The 25-year-old man was shot in the leg and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in good condition. The man, who is a gang member, may have been shot in a drive-by shooting, police said.Saturday morning, police were still investigating the shootings.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
261,217,352779,"June 5, 2015",Louisiana,New Orleans,2100 block of Governor Nicholls Street,1,3,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/06/treme_quadruple_shooting_victi.html#incart_river,"An officer stands by a shoe and clothing as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)An ambulance prepares to leave the scene as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)At Laharpe and N. Roman, New Orleans Police investigate after a fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away from where four others were shot in the 2100 block of Gov. Nicholls, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)An officer stands by a shoe and clothing as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)An ambulance prepares to leave the scene as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)At Laharpe and N. Roman, New Orleans Police investigate after a fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away from where four others were shot in the 2100 block of Gov. Nicholls, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)A crime scene technician shoots 16 evidence cones in the street as New Orleans Police investigate after four males were shot in the 2200 block of Gov. Nicholls. A fifth shooting victim was found several blocks away at Laharpe and N. Roman, but police aren't sure the shootings are related. Photographed on Friday, June 5, 2015. (Photo by Michael DeMocker,NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)The Orleans Parish coroner has identified the victim of a quadruple shooting inTremeearlier this month as 27-year-old Dominique Cosey.Cosey and three others - ages 15, 19 and 21 - were hit by gunfire around 2:15 p.m. June 5 in the2100 block of Governor Nicholls Street. Cosey was taken in critical condition to Interim LSU Hospital,New Orleans policesaid, where helater died of his injuries.The other three victims received non-life-threatening injuries, police said.In a separate, almost simultaneous shooting, a 29-year-old man wasshot in the legduring a 7thWard robbery atNorth Roman and Laharpe streets, police said. Detectives believe two gunmen in a red Nissan Versa with an out-of-state license plate were responsible for shooting the 29-year-old.Anyone with information about either shooting should contact Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
262,218,351936,"June 3, 2015",New York,Wyandanch,Davidson Street,3,1,http://7online.com/news/3-dead-after-shooting-on-long-island/765774/,"WATCHLIVEBy providing my email address, I agree to theTerms of Useand acknowledge that I have read thePrivacy Policy.Victim of Anti-Asian attack in front of building speaks outUnion files lawsuit on behalf of Asian American detective who was harassedMore COVID-19 vaccination sites opening in NYC"
263,221,350021,"May 31, 2015",Maryland,Springdale,9222 Ardwick Ardmore Road,1,3,http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/One-Dead-Three-Injured-in-Shooting-at-Prince-George-Co-Park-305617831.html,"One person was killed and three others injured from a drive-by shooting at a Prince George’s County park Sunday afternoon.The incident occurred at the Ardmore Park in Springdale, Maryland.Two people, including the deceased, went to the St. Joseph Fire Station, on St. Joseph Drive, east of the park, after suffering a gunshot wound. She said another person was treated at a nearby MedStar office before being taken to the hospital.A fourth person was injured after a witness said his friend was hit by a stray bullet while playing horseshoes. The victim was taken to the hospital, but the injury was not life-threatening.The Prince George's County Police Department and the Maryland-National Capital Park Police Department are jointly investigating.Anyone with information should call Prince George's County Police at 301-772-4925, or call Crime Solvers anonymously at 866-411-TIPS or text PGPD plus a message to CRIMES.Stay with News4 and NBC Washington for more on this developing story."
264,222,349976,"May 31, 2015",Connecticut,New Haven,849 Chapel Street,0,5,http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Man-Charged-in-New-Haven-Party-Shooting-307023031.html,"New Haven police have arrested a suspected ofshooting five people at a private party in May.Fayzon “Suki” Reboyras, 22, of New Haven, was taken into custody on Wednesday night after detectives saw him getting into a car, police said.He has been charged with five counts of assault in the first degree, reckless endangerment in the first degree, carrying a pistol without a permit and unlawful discharge of a firearm.The shooting was reported just before 2 a.m. on May 31, sending police to a private space on the second floor over Evolution Tattoo Parlor, at 849 Chapel Street.Three of the victims at the scene were transported by ambulance to Yale-New Haven Hospital and two others were taken to the hospital in a private car.Jamie Rodriguez, 21, was the most badly injured. He was shot in the lower back, knee, groin and thigh and was listed in critical condition. Police said he was released from the hospital on Wednesday, weeks earlier than expected.Joshua Agosto, 25, was shot in the chest and buttocks, Gerald Pugh, 28, was shot twice in his leg and also in his right buttocks and thigh and Jovanni Leon Vargas, 23, was shot twice in one arm, once in the other and a bullet grazed his abdomen.A gunshot grazed 30-year-old Hector Martinez's upper back. All have been released from the hospital, police said.The event the shooting happened at was a themed ""white party,"" where the guests wore white clothes.Two groups were seen arguing earlier in the party and again toward the end, but private security guards separated them twice before the shooting, the initial reports indicate, according to police. Security brought the smaller group outside and kept the larger one inside so the dispute wouldn't ""spill out into the street,"" police said.Moments later, witnesses told police, a man re-entered the second floor space and opened fire with a semi-automatic handgun, emptying the weapon of all its bullets."
265,223,349289,"May 30, 2015",California,San Diego,4200 block of Market Street,0,4,http://www.cbs8.com/story/29196990/4-shot-at-bar-swat-standoff-underway,"A suspect fled the scene on his motorcycle and then crashed it on the 805 freeway where he was arrested by police.Unsure if there were any armed suspects inside the building, a SWAT team was called in and the building was surrounded. At 11:30 a.m., SWAT officers entered the building and found no suspect inside, bringing the standoff to an end.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
266,224,348606,"May 28, 2015",Nebraska,Omaha,84th and Q,0,4,http://www.ketv.com/news/4-hurt-in-thursday-night-shooting/33277800,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.A man was seriously hurt after getting shot in the back Thursday night.Police said the incident happened near an apartment complex off 84th and Q streets around 9 p.m.The man, identified as Isaiah McKissick, 22, ran to the apartments for help. He was taken in serious condition to CHI Health Creighton University Medical Center.Police found McKissick's vehicle had been shot multiple times and was found running and crashed into a tree.McKissick was uncooperative with the on-scene investigation, police said.Three other people with gunshot wounds walked into CHI Health Bergan Mercy Hospital on Thursday night. They told officers they were in McKissick's vehicle at the time of the shooting.All victims are expected to survive their injuries, according to police.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
267,225,348620,"May 28, 2015",Illinois,Chicago,6200 block of South Honore Street,0,5,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20150529/west-englewood/toddler-among-five-wounded-west-englewood-shooting-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A 2-year-old old girl and four other people were wounded in a shooting in West Englewood Thursday night, police said.Around 10:30 p.m., the girl was standing on the sidewalk with two men and two women in the 6200 block of South Honore Street when they heard shots and felt pain, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.The 2-year-old suffered a graze wound on her chest and left leg and was taken to Holy Cross Hospital in good condition, Sedevic said.A 25-year-old man was shot multiple times and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition. The other man, 31, was shot in his leg and taken to Holy Cross Hospital in fair condition, Sedevic said.The women, both 22, were taken to Stroger Hospital. One woman was shot in her right thigh and buttocks and the other was shot in her legs. Both women were listed in fair condition, Sedevic said.According to police, the 25-year-old man is a documented gang member.No one is in custody, and police are investigating the shooting.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
268,226,348673,"May 28, 2015",Pennsylvania,Chester,2700 block of West 3rd Street,1,3,http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/14-Year-Old-Among-Victims-in-Chester-Quadruple-Shooting-305441301.html,"Police in Chester, Delaware County confirm a 14-year-old male was among those wounded in a quadruple shooting that killed one person overnight.Police said two gunmen opened fire on four males out along the 2700 block of West 3rd Street around 11:30 Thursday night.Police said the victims ranged in age from 14 to 47-years-old. A 21-year-old man who was shot multiple times died at the scene.Breaking news and the stories that matter to your neighborhood.Two juveniles and a 47-year-old man were transported to Crozer Chester Medical Center with gunshot wounds to the legs and buttocks.There was no word on the conditions of the victims and no arrests in the case."
269,229,345681,"May 24, 2015",Massachusetts,Brockton,1002 Main St,0,5,http://www.enterprisenews.com/article/20150615/NEWS/150617718/0/breaking_ajax,"BROCKTON - Two Brockton men who police said were involved in recent shootings in the city were arrested Sunday and are being held without bail.Stephen Cabral, 24, and Kelby Correia, 23, were both arrested at 20 Winter St. in Taunton by Brockton and State police Sunday morning.Cabral shot five people outside Bar Dino's on 1002 Main St. in Brockton Sunday May 24, said Brockton Police Lt. Kenneth LeGrice. One man was seriously injured but survived.Correia shot a 29-year-old Stoughton man in the leg Saturday night outside a busy strip mall at the corner of Oak and Belair streets across from DW Field Golf Course, police said.LeGrice said both men were ""part of the same crew.""Inside the Taunton house, police found 300 grams of heroin, LeGrice said. They are expected to face drug charges in Taunton.Cabral was charged with five counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, unlawfully carrying a firearm and unlawfully discharging a firearm within 500 feet of a building.Correia was charged with two counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and unlawful carrying a firearm.The men pleaded not guilty at their arraignment in Brockton District Court Monday. They were ordered held without bail.Police believe they may have been involved in other shootings in Brockton recently, LeGrice said.""We believe that they’ve been responsible for some of the gun play that’s gone on in the city,"" he said.In both cases, LeGrice said, they used video surveillance and information from the public to identify Correia and Cabral as suspects.""We got the public’s cooperation which was great,"" LeGrice said.In addition to Brockton police, other agencies that assisted in the investigations were State Police assigned to Plymouth County District Attorney Tim Cruz's office, the Southeastern Massachusetts Gang Task Force attached to the FBI, the Violent Fugitive Apprehension section of the State Police, the State Police gang unit, the State Police Special Tactical Operations team, State Police Air Wing and members of the State Police Troop D Community Action Team.""This has taken a lot of work,"" LeGrice said. ""I personally think Brockton is safer now with the actions of all those units that participated yesterday (Sunday).""© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.The Enterprise, Brockton, MA  ~ 5 Cohannet St., Taunton, MA 02780~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
270,230,345749,"May 24, 2015",Michigan,Flint,W. 12th Street and Hammerberg Road.,0,7,http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2017/02/dna_match_ties_former_high_sch.html#incart_2box_news_flint,"Gallery: Seven people shot in parking lot outside Flint high schoolFLINT, MI -- A man once accused of a shooting in a high school parking lot that left seven people injured could spend up to 17 years behind bars after investigators linked his DNA to that found on a face mask used in a 2013 Popeyes restaurant robbery.Rayshawn Lareese HolmesIn Genesee County Circuit Court on Tuesday, Feb. 14, Judge Richard B. Yuille sentenced Rayshawn Lareese Holmes, 20, of Flint, to spend 3 to 17 years in state prison -- with nearly a year and half's worth jail credit -- for his involvement in the robbery.Holmes pleaded guilty Wednesday, Jan. 18, to reduced charges of unarmed robbery and felony firearm. As part of the plea agreement, prosecutors dismissed two additional charges of armed robbery.""I just want to say I'm sorry for wasting everyone's time,"" Holmes told Yuille and the court on Tuesday. ""This is something I did when I was 16 years old. Then, I was young and dumb, and I've spent a lot of time thinking about my decisions.""During the hearing, Yuille cautioned Holmes on the impact of any future criminality.""I would hope that you understand that now this is on your record, if you were to go before any judge, your sentence would be much more severe,"" said Yuille.Flint Township Police were able to link Holmes to a face mask used in the January 2013 robbery with a previous DNA swab. Three people were victims in the robbery.""It was a 2013 incident that we charged based off a CODIS hit from a mask ... that was used,"" said Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton. ""The only victim who ever participated in circuit court wanted the case resolved. So [Holmes] pleaded to unarmed (robbery) plus felony (firearm), naming all three of the victims.""In June 2015, Flint District Judge William Crawford dismissed two counts of assault with intent to murder and gun charges against Holmes in connection to a shooting at Southwestern Academy after a witness failed to appear to testify against him.Holmes was arrested and charged after police responded to sounds of multiple gunshots at the school shortly after 2 a.m. on Sunday, May 24, 2015.When officers arrived at the school, they saw a large crowd of people and vehicles fleeing the scene.Seven gunshot victims arrived at local hospitals from the scene of the shooting, according to police. All of them survived.A preliminary exam was scheduled to begin in June 2015 for Holmes, but the charges were dismissed after a key witness failed to respond to a subpoena to testify.""The one witness that we thought could ID the shooter didn't show up,"" Leyton said at the time. ""The witnesses that did show up couldn't ID the shooter.""Holmes' attorney in that case, Barry Wolf, asked the judge to dismiss the case after the Michigan State Police and Flint police were unsuccessful at tracking down the suspect.The case was dismissed without prejudice, meaning prosecutors could refile the charges if they are able to locate the witness.According to Leyton, while there are no immediate plans to refile any charges in the Southwestern shooting, ""the case will remain open till solved.""Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
271,231,346320,"May 24, 2015",Alabama,Montgomery,Smiley Court,1,3,http://www.wsfa.com/story/29146971/4th-suspect-charged-in-connection-to-may-24-smiley-court-shooting,"MONTGOMERY, AL (WSFA) - The Montgomery Police Department has charged a fourth suspect in connection to the May 24 shooting on East Smiley Court that left one person dead and three others injured.According to jail records, Ladarren Seawright, 16, is charged with reckless murder. He was booked into the Montgomery County Detention Facility Friday. His bond was set at $75,000.Seawright and three others are accused of killing 18-year-old Rodriquez Smith, of Montgomery. Three others were injured in the shooting around 7 p.m. on May 24.Adrian Banks, Olando Harris and Jezereel Pett, all 23 and from Montgomery, were arrested in June and charged with one count each of reckless murder.According to court documents, gunfire was exchanged in a large crowd between several people in ""rival groups.""Smith and another were listed with life-threatening injuries. Smith later died. The other three victims were all later upgraded to non-life-threatening conditions.Police ask individuals with knowledge of this homicide to call CrimeStoppers at 215-STOP, Secret Witness at 262-4000, or the Montgomery Police Department at 625-2831.Copyright 2015WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved445 Dexter AvenueSuite 7000Montgomery, AL 36104(334) 288-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
272,234,344302,"May 20, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,800 block of Linwood Avenue,1,3,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/bs-md-ci-2015-homicide-arrest-20170510-story.html,"A 24-year-old man was arrested and charged Tuesday ina 2015 East Baltimore quintuple shootingthat killed one and injured four others, police said.Antonio Melvin, of the 3000 block of Grindon Avenue in Northeast Baltimore, was charged with first-degree murder and four counts of attempted murder, police said. No phone number was listed for Melvin's address.The shooting killed Darrell Alston Jr., 26, of the 2600 block of Beryl Avenue, and injured four others. Alston was a local rapper, known on social media as ""Natzy.""Two other men, Andrew Parmele and Shilo Thomas,were charged with handgun violationsat the time after guns were found in a vehicle they were running from at the scene. Thomas, also a rapper, is known as ""Shymoney,"" and he and Alston had gained attention in the months before the shooting for producing ""diss tracks"" attacking other rappers, who filmed response videos.Parmele and Thomas were friends of Alston's, according to police.Homicide detectives identified Melvin as the shooter, police said, by sifting through evidence, interviewing many people and reviewing video footage from the scene, which stretched nearly a half-mile, shutting down traffic along East Monument Street for the afternoon.Melvin was arrested in the 3200 block of Eastern Avenue in Highlandtown Tuesday and taken to Central Booking, where he is waiting to see a court commissioner, police said.Baltimore Sun reporter Justin Fenton contributed to this article.cmcampbell@baltsun.com@cmcampbell6Recommended"
273,236,342589,"May 18, 2015",Florida,Miami,Northwest 75th Street and Northwest 16th Avenue,1,4,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/Multiple-People-Shot-1-Dead-in-NW-Miami-Dade-Police-304198751.html,"A 15-year-old boy was killed and four men were injured in a shooting at an apartment complex in northwest Miami-Dade, police say.The young victim has been identified as Joewuan Coles, a freshman at Miami Northwestern High School. According to police, Joewuan was not with the group and was not the intended target. He was simply standing nearby and became caught in the crossfire.Coles' mother Nadia trying to make sense of her loss while signing “Mommy Loves You” on a shirt at the growing memorial for her son.She, along with so many friends a family, are just beginning the mourning process for the teenaged victim shot and killed Monday night.“This is my baby. Why, why would you take my baby?” asked Coles.According to investigators, four men, aged 22, 23, 25 and 28, were in an open area of an apartment complex located at Northwest 75th Street and Northwest 16th Avenue late Monday night. Police say that around 9:30 p.m., two unknown men, armed with what may have been high powered assault rifles, approached them and opened fire.The four men and the teen ran as they were peppered with bullets. The suspects took off in an unknown direction, police say.Miami-Dade Fire Rescue crews took four of the victims to Ryder Trauma Center, while friends took the fifth victim to North Shore Hospital.Joewuan was pronounced dead at the hospital. Police are asking anyone with information about the tragedy to speak up.""Once again, we have now a family that of course is hurt, is mourning the loss of their child."" said Detective Alvaro Zabaleta of the Miami-Dade Police Department. ""As a community, I think we owe it to them to be able to come together and give the information to the police department in order to find these individuals responsible.""The condition of the four men is not immediately known.This morning the community gathered around Coles for support with a prayer, ""And right now we put this on you’re hands father.""After the prayer, Coles remembered her son, whose nickname was ""Popcorn.""“The best dream come true I couldn’t ask for a better child,” Coles said. She said he was an aspiring athlete. At the center of his memorial sits his football trophy.In basketball he wore number 23 after Michael Jordan. But the real reason he wanted to succeed was to take care of his mom.“He told me, 'Mom when I make it you’re not going to eve have to worry again. I have you.'” Now, Coles said she’ll have him in her memory forever.“I’m going to always love you Popcorn. Mommy loves you so much,” she said.The Miami-Dade School Board says Coles was a freshman at Northwestern High School in Miami-Dade.Superintendent of Schools Alberto CarvalhoTweeted, in reference to the shooting, ""Once again a murderous bullet steals the life of a child in our community. The cowardly code of silence is tantamount to complicity. #Enough""And so many others are also talking about the silence that comes after these kinds of crimes. No one speaks up and the shooters go free.At this point, police have no description of the shooters. Coles' family and police are asking for anyone with information to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS."
274,237,341622,"May 17, 2015",Texas,Waco,4671 S Jack Kultgen Fwy,9,18,https://www.dallasnews.com/news/texas/2019/04/02/prosecutors-drop-charges-deadly-2015-twin-peaks-biker-shootout-waco,"newsTexasByDana Branham9:02 PM on Apr 2, 2019 CDTProsecutors will dismiss all remaining criminal cases stemming from the 2015 shootout between rival biker gangs in Waco, meaning no one will be held responsible for the brawl that left nine people dead and 20 injured.McLennan County District Attorney Barry Johnsontold theWaco Tribune-Heraldall the charges were dropped to ""end the nightmare"" the county has been dealing with since the May 17, 2015, shootout between the Bandidos and the Cossacks motorcycle clubs outside a Twin Peaks restaurant.Bikers from the various groups began to argue that afternoon, and gunfire broke out. Waco police monitoring the gathering shot at the bikers, killing two.After the shooting, law enforcement arrested 177 bikers, charging 155 of them with engaging in organized criminal activity. The former district attorney, Abel Reyna, dropped charges against all but 24 of the bikers and re-indicted them on riot charges.Only one man was ever tried in connection with the shootout: Christopher ""Jake"" Carrizal, the Dallas chapter president of the Bandidos. His case ended in a mistrial in 2017, and most of the jurors favored acquitting him, theTribune-Heraldreported.Carrizal and several other North Texas men are among those whose cases will be dropped following the district attorney's announcement Tuesday, including Bandidos Jeff Battey of Ponder, David Martinez of Terrell, Jerry Edward Pierson of Dallas and Reginald Weathers of Forney, theTribune-Heraldreported.William Joseph Flowers and Richard Luther of Garland, both Cossacks, and Nathan Champeau of McKinney will also have their cases dismissed, according to theTribune-Herald.Johnson, the district attorney, said any further effort to prosecute the cases would be a ""waste of time, effort and resources.""""In my opinion, had this action been taken in a timely manner, it would have, and should have, resulted in numerous convictions and prison sentences against many of those who participated in the Twin Peaks brawl,"" Johnson said. ""Over the next three years, the prior district attorney failed to take that action, for reasons that I do not know to this day.""The previous district attorney, Reyna, said in a statement that he disagrees ""with the overall result as well as several statements and accusations within Mr. Johnson's press release,"" but said it was up to Johnson to determine how to proceed on any criminal case presented to his office.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Dana Branham, Breaking news reporter. Dana is a reporter at The Dallas Morning News covering crime and breaking news. She graduated in 2017 from the University of Oklahoma, where she studied journalism. Before coming to The News in 2018, Dana interned at the Cincinnati Enquirer and the Tulsa World.Get email alerts on breaking news stories as soon as they happen.By signing up you agree to ourprivacy policyStand with us in our mission to discover and uncover the story of North Texas"
275,238,341465,"May 16, 2015",Wisconsin,Milwaukee,28th Street and Auer Avenue,0,5,http://fox6now.com/2015/05/26/three-men-with-prior-convictions-charged-in-connection-with-kendrai-walkers-death-shooting-at-his-vigil/,"Three men with prior convictions charged in connection with Kendrai Walker`s death, shooting at his vigilMILWAUKEE (WITI) -- Three men, who each have prior criminal convictions, are now facing charges in connection with the shooting death of 18-year-oldKendrai Walker, and a shooting that occurred one day later at a vigil held in Walker's honor.Those charged include:35-year-old Brian Echols of Milwaukee38-year-old Lonell Echols of Milwaukee27-year-old George Eskridge of Des Moines, IowaAdvertisementOn Friday, May 15th, police were dispatched to 28th and Auer, where they found 18-year-old Kendrai Walker suffering from several gunshot wounds. Walker was pronounced dead at the scene.Three .380 caliber cartridge casings were recovered near Walker's body.An autopsy revealed Walker died as a result of multiple gunshot wounds, and his death was ruled a homicide.Kendrai WalkerOne day later, officers were called back to the scene for several wounded individuals. A shooting occurred as loved ones gathered for a vigil for Walker. At the scene, police recovered five 9mm casings, one .22 caliber casing and a .380 caliber casing. Five people were found to have been shot and injured.Kendrai Walker's own mother was found on the ground in the 3100 block of N. 29th Street -- suffering from three gunshot wounds (one to the right rear, one above her left knee and one to her inner thigh).A woman sustained a gunshot wound to her left arm. She said she heard gunshots while on the scene of a vigil, and raised her hand to cover her face when she felt pain in her left arm. She told police she did not see who was shooting.Another woman sustained a single gunshot wound to her right leg. She said she was caught in gunshots while on the ground. This woman was able to positively identify Eskridge and Lonell Echols as being two of the individuals who shot toward the group during the vigil. She identified them via a lineup.A man sustained a single gunshot wound to his left shoulder. He said he was at the vigil when he heard one shot and then saw someone shooting toward the group that had gathered for the vigil. He then ran from the scene.Another man was shot in his left flank. He was able to identify Eskridge and Lonell Echols as being two of the individuals who shot toward the group during the vigil -- identifying them via a lineup.Two days after Kendrai Walker was shot and killed, on May 17th, police stopped a vehicle in the 800 block of W. Hampton Avenue in Glendale. George Eskridge was located in the rear passenger seat. Brian Echols was in the rear driver's seat.Police found an unloaded 20 gauge shotgun, a 9mm semiautomatic firearm loaded with .380 ammunition and a loaded .357 magnum revolver in the vehicle.The three .380 caliber casings police recovered near Kendrai Walker's body were sent to the Wisconsin Crime Lab for analysis. It was determined that these casings were fired from the same firearm -- and it was further determined that the casings came from the 9mm firearm recovered during the traffic stop.Kendrai WalkerPolice spoke with Brian Echols about the firearms recovered from the vehicle. He admitted to purchasing all three weapons recently.When police spoke with George Eskridge, he said that he witnessed Brian Echols shoot Kendrai Walker. He said that he was driving with Brian Echols after the incident, and during the drive, Echols said he had shot Walker in the head.Eskridge told police he was also present during the shooting that occurred during the vigil for Walker. He said Brian Echols wasn't there, but Lonell Echols had a weapon, as did another man. After the shooting, Eskridge told police Brian Echols returned to the scene. Eskridge admitted to police that the shotgun recovered during the traffic stop in Glendale was his.In a separate interview, police say Eskridge admitted to discharging the .357 caliber revolver.Lonell Echols told police he observed Eskridge to have several weapons -- including a machine-type gun, a revolver and a shotgun. Echols admitted to handling a revolver as well as a 9mm firearm -- saying it was probable that his fingerprints and/or DNA would be found on them. Echols told police he saw Eskridge discharge the machine-type gun toward the group that had gathered for the vigil. Echols said after the shooting, he asked Eskridge why he had done it, and Eskridge admitted it was his fault.The complaint indicates Brian Echols has previously been convicted of attempted murder in Cook County, Illinois.George Eskridge has previously been convicted of second degree robbery in a case out of Johnson County, Iowa.Lonell Echols has previously been convicted of robbery out of Racine County.Eskridge, and Brian and Lonell Echols will be in court on June 1st for their preliminary hearings.Meanwhile, if you'd like to help out with Kendrai Walker's funeral costs, you can do so byCLICKING HERE.29th and Burleigh shooting with five victimsThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
276,239,341162,"May 16, 2015",New York,Rochester,188 Lewis Street,0,4,https://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/2015/12/03/rochester-tops-upstate-mass-shootings/76715490/,"The Rochester area's four mass shootings in 2015 put Monroe County at the top of the list of upstate regions, according to data fromshootingtracker.com.Brooklyn, with its five mass shootings in which five people died and 25 were wounded, is the only one of New York City's boroughs or any other region of the state to challenge Rochester's four.Rochester's mass shootings resulted in six dead and 18 people injured — the highest number of dead for any community in the state. At the same time, Rochester's overall homicide rate in 2015 is not abnormally high. And ""mass shooting"" is in the eyes of the beholder.The website defines a mass shooting as ""four or more people shot in one event.""""The only requirement is that four or more people are shot in a spree or setting, likely without a cooling off period,"" the site reads. ""This may include the gunman himself (because they often suicide by cop or use a gun to kill themselves to escape punishment), or police shootings of civilians around the gunman. The reasoning behind the latter being that if the shooter is arrested, he will often be charged with injuring people the police actually shot, as that is a foreseeable result of a shooting spree.""The Rev. Lewis Stewart, president of the United Christian Leadership Ministry, said he was surprised Rochester was at the top of the list in the state, but placed the blame at the feet of the proliferation of guns in the United States and ""a disconnect, a devaluation of human life.""""A lot of these guns are stolen ... we have to head off this illegal gun trafficking that is going on in this country,"" Stewart said.""This shows you that both the community and the police have to put their heads together and do a lot more teamwork in trying to head off this influx of guns and the killers using them against each other and taking each other's lives.""John Klofas, a criminal justice professor at Rochester Institute of Technology, said the city has suffered through a difficult year (35 homicides and 208 shootings as of Thursday) but said the term ""mass shooting"" can conjure images of the Sandy Hook massacre and Columbine, which is not what has happened here.“There is a shared notion of mass shootings where the victims and the suspects don’t necessarily know one another on a personal basis so the motives are more general and less defined,"" Klofas said. ""Usually when people think of these things, they think of Columbine or the movie theater or something like that. But it’s hard to define things by those relationships, so a count or a threshold is the appeal to measuring this stuff in some way. But I don’t think the Rochester shootings have born any resemblance to what we usually think of in the Colorado movie theater shooting or any of these, including San Bernadino.""Rochester is on pace to reach shooting numbers of 2013 (228) and 2012 (218), after seeing a drop in 2014 (187).Homicides are about average at 35. There were 31 in 2014, 42 in 2013, 36 in 2012, and 31 in 2011.""I think Rochester has not had a big history with these things (mass shootings),"" Klofas said. ""But this has been a year where we’ve seen a number of these and some bad ones.”Rochester Police Chief Michael Ciminelli said his department treats each case individually, believing that this year isn't abnormal or unusual.""I don’t think there’s anything about the city of Rochester or the Rochester community that makes these things happen,"" Ciminelli said. ""There are a lot of conditions and circumstances that lead to this.""It’s just as hard as to say why was the incident in San Bernardino yesterday as opposed to somewhere else; or why was there a school shooting in Newtown; why did it happen in Columbine and not somewhere else. We try to understand the factors that are leading to violence. We’re very much focused on early identification of the disputes that result in violence and work on intervention and prevention. That’s how we’re focused.""Rochester police said the availability of guns, which can quickly escalate disputes, and gang activity have played a role in the increase in mass shootings.""We have noticed that the gang activity is causing a lot of disputes and violence,"" Rochester Police Captain Korey Brown said. ""It’s between one gang and another gang. We’ve been aggressively going after different groups that are hanging out and that are causing a lot of our violence. A lot of the same people are causing our violence. A lot of them have been picked up and arrested since then. We’re actively going after other groups that are causing violence in the city.""Rochester Police Commander Joe Morabito said each of the city incidents share similarities.""The common denominator in these mass shootings that we’ve had in Rochester, all three of them were large groups, a person with a dispute, and indiscriminate gunfire,"" he said. ""Two of them are directly related to unsanctioned house parties. Since two of the incidents that occurred were house parties, we’ve been aggressive in shutting down and not allowing these unsanctioned, spur-of-the-moment house parties. We’ve tried to attack the root of the problem.""Here are the four mass shootings in Monroe County in 2015:April 25:A shooting spree in a crowded Gates bar claimed seven victims, one of whom died.David Alligood, 31, of Rochester, has been charged with opening fire in the Gates Pub shortly before last call on a Saturday morning. He killed his apparent intended target, Ricky C. Jones of Rochester. Bullets from Alligood's handgun also struck six other bar patrons, police said at the time. He is awaiting trial.Alleged Gates Pub shooter indicted on murder chargeMay 16:Four men were shot near188 Lewis St.and all four went in private vehicles to the hospital. Rickey Harvey, 29, Patrick Carter, 34, Joel Allen and Darelle Scott, 26, were were shot at least once in the upper body.4 men shot near Lewis StreetAug. 19:Six people have been indicted in connection with theAug. 19 mass shootingoutside the Boys & Girls Club on Genesee Street that killed three and injured four others.Raekwon Manigault,Johnny ""JJ"" JohnsonandJonah Barleywere killed by gunfire.Triple homicide on Genesee St.Sept. 9:Two people were killed and four others wounded in a shooting at a house partyon Woodward StreetWilliam James, 30, of Rochester has been charged with second-degree murder. Thirty to 50 people were in the house during the shooting and police had been at the house two hours prior to the shooting.Victim's mother begs for violence to endBuffalo had two mass shootings in 2015 with two fatalities and seven wounded. Syracuse had one with four injured. Albany and Binghamton had none. Newburgh had one that left five wounded.JHAND@Gannett.comWCLEVELAND@Gannett.com"
277,240,341232,"May 16, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,1700 block of North Broadway,0,5,http://www.wbaltv.com/news/2-men-2-women-shot-in-baltimore-police-say/33062884,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Baltimore police are investigating a shooting Saturday afternoon that injured five people.City police said officers were called about 4:36 p.m. to the 1700 block of North Broadway, where two men and three women were shot.Police said a 52-year-old woman was shot in her lower extremities, a 36-year-old woman was shot in the foot, a 27-year-old woman was shot in the chest, a 30-year-old man was shot in the stomach and leg, and a 23-year-old man was shot in the ankle.All of the victims were taken to area hospitals.No further information was immediately released.Anyone with information is asked to call police at 410-396-2433.Refresh wbaltv.com and our app, and watch 11 News for late-breaking updates.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
278,242,340280,"May 12, 2015",Maryland,Capitol Heights,4700 block of Pard Rd,1,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/one-person-dead-after-homicide-in-prince-georges-county/2015/05/13/0f49fd38-f95a-11e4-9ef4-1bb7ce3b3fb7_story.html,"A District man died Tuesday night after he and four others were shot in front of a home near Capitol Heights.Officers were called to Pard Road near Glacier Avenue after a report of a shooting about 11:15 p.m. Tuesday, Prince George’s County police said. When officers arrived, they found Reginald B. Brown III, 18, and four others suffering from gunshot wounds, authorities said.Brown died shortly after he was taken to a hospital, and the other victims suffered wounds that didn’t appear to be life threatening, police said.Police said the shooting didn’t appear to be a random incident and detectives are still working to determine a motive or suspect.On Wednesday afternoon, friends and relatives gathered at the scene of the shooting.“He was getting a job and he was turning his life around,” said Brown’s cousin Nikki Washington as she sat on some steps surrounded by a dozen friends. “When it gets close it hurts.”Up and down the 4700 block of Pard Road, people were talking about the shooting and Brown.“He made everyone smile; people wanted to be around him,” said one man with a big smile who asked for anonymity for fear of reprisal. “He was good in football but not basketball.”Another young man in the block, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said, “Reggie wanted to do something for himself.”Friends say Brown moved around often to avoid trouble and said they believe he wasn’t meant to be the target of the shots fired Tuesday. “He was a good guy, but sometimes good guys hang out with bad people,” said another elderly man who knew Brown and also feared giving his name.On social media, photos of a memorial appeared from friends who apparently knew him. Some posted pictures of “Lil Reggie,” saying he was “the last person I would expect this to happen” to, and his “life ended so early.”A $25,000 reward is available for any information leading to an arrest or indictment in this case.Police are asking anyone with information to call 301-772-4925 or, to remain anonymous, 866-411-TIPS.Dana Hedgpeth contributed to this report.Dana Hedgpeth contributed to this report."
279,243,337855,"May 10, 2015",Ohio,Cleveland,3600 block of Bosworth Rd,1,4,http://www.cleveland19.com/story/36117521/man-sentenced-to-at-least-31-years-in-prison-for-mothers-day-shooting,"CLEVELAND, OH (WOIO) - A man was sentenced to at least 31 years in prison for killing one person and shooting four others on Mother's Day in Cleveland in 2015. Erik J. Vicario was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole for 31 years.On May 10, 2015, Vicario's girlfriend and her sister got into a physical altercation with several people who lived in an apartment building on Bosworth Avenue near Thrush Avenue in Cleveland.Investigators said Vicario who was 25 at the time went to the building with a 9mm handgun with the intention of shooting the people who fought with his girlfriend.He approached a crowd of people who were in front of the apartment building and opened fired.According to a press release form the Cuyahoga County Prosecutors Office four of the people shot were not involved in the altercation. Six children ages 6 months to 13 years were in the apartment building at the time of the shooting, they were not injured.Download theCleveland 19 News appandFirst Alert Weather app.Copyright 2017WOIO. All rights reserved.1717 E. 12th StreetCleveland, OH 44114(216) 771-1943A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
280,244,338034,"May 10, 2015",New Jersey,Jersey City,Bostwick Avenue,0,4,http://www.nj.com/hudson/index.ssf/2015/05/4_women_shot_on_jersey_city_street_5_charged_with.html#incart_river,"Gallery: Bostwick Ave. Jersey City May 11, 2015JERSEY CITY-- Four women were shot on Bostwick Avenue in Jersey City late last night and five people, including one minor, have been charged in connection with the incident, police said.The women, three from Jersey City and one from Bayonne, all told police that they heard gunshots, but none saw who shot them at 11 p.m. on Bostwick near Martin Luther King Drive, police said.A 42-year-old woman was grazed by a bullet in the hamstring area; a 19-year-old from Bayonne was shot in the left shoulder; a 19-year-old from Jersey City was shot in the right thigh; and a 25-year-old from Jersey City was shot twice in the left foot and twice in the left pelvis area.""Police responded immediately to the scene and witnessed a handgun being tossed from a fleeing vehicle, as well the discarding of another handgun from a separate vehicle in the area,"" Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said. ""Both handguns were recovered.""Decota Chisolm and Robert Warren, both 22, and Steven Howard and Hassan McNair, both 18, and a 17-year-old, all of Jersey City, have been charged with weapons offenses related to the shooting, police said.All four men appeared in Central Judicial Processing court this afternoon in street clothes with their hands cuffed behind their backs.Chislom's bail was set at $65,000 cash or bond. There was also a warrant from his arrest on a simple assault charge related to a Dec. 10 incident. His bail on that matter was set at $5,000 with a 10 percent cash option and that charged will be heard in Jersey City Municipal CourtWarren has an open robbery charge before Hudson County Superior Court John Young and Young will set his bail on the new charges.Bails for Howard and Hassan and were set at $50,000 cash or bond.Meanwhile, a resident of the neighborhood said this morning that she stayed inside after hearing the gunfire last night.""I heard five, six, seven shots and I was in my house and I didn't run out to see who was shooting,"" said the resident, who chose not to be identified. ""Everyone in my family was accounted for and we stayed inside.""At 11 p.m. there are usually people out here, but it's not crowded and rowdy.""The investigation, by the Jersey City police Cease-Fire Unit, is continuing, ""and additional charges are pending,"" Morrill said.Jersey Journal Staff Writer Michaelangelo Conte contributed to this report.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
281,245,337767,"May 10, 2015",New Jersey,Newark,19th Avenue and South 16th Street,1,3,http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2015/05/15/newark-mothers-day-shooting-arrest/,"NEWARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) —Four people have been arrested in connection withthe Mother’s Day shootingthat claimed the life of a 15-year-old boy in Newark, officials announced Friday.The shooting occurred during an annual event marking the opening of the motorcycle season, called “Blessing of the Bikes.” More than 2,000 people were in attendance when gunfire erupted at South 16th Street and 19th Avenue just before 8 p.m. last Sunday.High school football starAl-Shakeem Woodsonwas shot and killed.“All I know is that he was a good kid. … He did not deserve it,”Woodson’s heartbroken mother told 1010 WINS’ Rebecca Granet.Three other people were wounded in the shooting.Officials said Woodson was an innocent bystander caught in the crossfire between two groups involved in a longstanding dispute.“Two rival high school-aged groups had an ongoing dispute, which on Sunday they took to another level,” said Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn A. Murray, who called the shooting tragic and senseless.Jaqeuce Spinks, 19, and a 16-year-old boy have been charged with murder and weapons offenses. Marquise Cephus, 18, and a 17-year-old boy are charged with gun possession.“Gun violence has taken the life of a young man destined for better,” said Police Director Eugene Venable. “This is the beginning of justice for the victims as their families continue on a long and arduous road through the healing process.”Mayor Ras Baraka said there was no link between the shooting and event, but he admits the city and organizers have to do a better job of planning such a large event.“I think the community, rightfully so, was outraged,” Baraka said, WCBS 880’s Levon Putney reported.“The reality is the police were there on the scene,” the mayor added."
282,246,335903,"May 7, 2015",Ohio,Cincinnati,2300 block of Baltimore Avenue,0,4,http://www.wlwt.com/news/cpd-investigating-quadruple-shooting-on-baltimore-avenue/32867572,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.Four people were wounded in a shooting in Northwest Fairmount on Thursday.The shooting happened in the 2300 block of Baltimore Avenue at around 2 p.m.Police said the victims were standing on the corner of Baltimore and McHenry avenues when a car pulled up and someone inside fired a shotgun at them.Watch this storyThebirdshotfrom the shell wounded the victims generally below the waist, police said.Dispatchers said it appeared none of the wounds were life threatening. No names have been released.Cincinnati police are calling this a targeted drive-by shooting.Police don't have a description of the car or who pulled the trigger, but officers said several people were inside the car.Police said this was not a random shooting and police are familiar with more than one of the victims.A few businesses on the corner have surveillance cameras.Investigators will try to use the video to track down the shooter.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
283,247,336622,"May 7, 2015",Michigan,Detroit,16000 block of Cathedral Street,0,4,http://www.mlive.com/news/detroit/index.ssf/2017/04/ex-vice_lords_leader_who_order.html#incart_river_home,"Gallery: Vice Lords indictmentDETROIT -- A Detroit-based leader of the Vice Lords is headed to prison for more than 13 years after admitting he ordered attacks on two brothers who dared to leave the street gang.Burney Everett, 29, of Detroit, who's known by gang members as ""Tank,"" ordered members ""to search for two brothers who had left or attempted to leave the gang in order to harm them,"" the U.S. Attorney's Office says.Everett sent multiple cars to the victims' house, according to investigators.""After a brief confrontation with the brothers' family members, Vice Lords member Antonio Clark admitted in connection with his own plea that he fired an AK-47 23 times, hitting the two brothers, their mother and a 15-year-old sister,"" the U.S. Attorney's Office said. All of the victims survived the shooting.According to federal prosecutors, Vice Lords gang leaders ""have often targeted members who sought to leave the gang for physical beatings or murder.""In exchange for pleading guilty to two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and a count of using a firearm during a crime of violence, federal prosecutors dismissed more than a dozen other charges, including racketeering, witness tampering and continuing a criminal enterprise.In addition to Everett, eight other gang members have been indicted and pleaded guilty to crimes connected with the shooting:""The convictions related to the May 7, 2015, shooting are just one component of the federal government's prosecution of the Vice Lords street gang, which has led to the arrests and convictions of dozens of Vice Lords leaders and members over the last few years,"" the U.S. Attorney's Office said in a statement.""In two trials during March and May 2015, juries convicted eight leaders and members of the Phantom Outlaw Motorcycle Club, many of whom were also leaders and members of the Vice Lords, for various crimes, including a mass-murder plot against a rival organization and the shooting of a member of another rival organization.""(Related:Convicted Phantom Outlaw Motorcycle Club members want convictions reversed)Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
284,249,334033,"May 3, 2015",Indiana,South Bend,1600 block of South William Street,0,4,http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/publicsafety/south-bend-police-looking-for-suspects-in-weekend-gunfight/article_6c8972d2-f29b-11e4-b27d-8ba8150ab76f.html,"Evidence tape marks a dozen places where bullets struck a house in the 1600 block of South William Street during a gunfight early Sunday morning. SBT Photo/SANTIAGO FLORESChristopher L. AccetturaEvidence tape marks a dozen places where bullets struck a house in the 1600 block of South William Street during a gunfight early Sunday morning. SBT Photo/SANTIAGO FLORESChristopher L. AccetturaSOUTH BEND — One man faces criminal charges for his alleged role in a flurry of gunfire that left four people wounded early Sunday morning, but police were still trying to identify several more shooters a day after the melee.Christopher L. Accettura, 23, was charged with one felony count of criminal recklessness with a firearm and a misdemeanor count of carrying a handgun without a license in connection with a fight that broke out in the 1600 block of South William Street about 2:30 a.m. Sunday.Four men were injured in the shooting. The most seriously wounded, a 25-year-old man, was shot multiple times in the torso, but he was considered to be in stable condition soon after the shooting, said Capt. Phil Trent, a South Bend police spokesman.Another 25-year-old man was shot in the leg and elbow, a 28-year-old man was shot in the leg and a 19-year-old man was shot in the hand, Trent said.The violence started shortly after the end of the televised boxing match between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao. Large crowds had gathered for the match at two separate houses — one on the east side of William Street and one on the west side. At one point, people from each house got in a dispute, and a crowd spilled into the street, Trent said.That’s when the shooting erupted, with multiple people exchanging gunfire.“Someone starts firing shots, and we have reason to believe shots are being fired in both directions,” Trent said. “By the time we get there, dozens of people are out there, and dozens of shots have been fired.”When police arrived, Accettura was still firing shots, but it was unclear whether he was responsible for any of the injuries, Trent said. Police were still waiting to interview some some of the injured men and were trying to speak with witnesses who could help sort out exactly who took part in the shooting, he said.Success!An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.The news you need to start your day, sent weekday mornings.The day's top 5 news headlines, sent weekday evenings."
285,250,333584,"May 3, 2015",Texas,Houston,San Jacinto at Elgin,0,6,https://nypost.com/2015/05/04/daily-blotter-512/,"Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.Jury reaches verdict in trial of ex-cop for death of George FloydMetroByDana Sauchelli,Kenneth GargerandTom WilsonSubmitMay 4, 2015|12:15amA University Heights man has been charged with murdering his roommate with a baseball bat, law-enforcement sources said Sunday. Cleto Chalche-Rivera, 39, beat the victim to death over a financial dispute, according to a police source. Israel Ramos-Lopez, 45, was found with his head split open in the bathroom of the apartment he shared with Chalche-Rivera on Morris Avenue near Commerce Avenue at about 12:30 p.m. April 13, police sources said. His roommate was arrested at around 8:15 p.m. Saturday, and faces weapons charges in addition to murder, according to police.Four people were shot Sunday after a Morris Heights party, cops said. The victims were leaving the house party on University Avenue near West Burnside Avenue at about 1:20 a.m. when a man believed to be in his 20s began to shoot at the crowd, according to police sources. A 25-year-old man was shot in the leg, another man, 55, was struck in the torso, and a woman, 22, sustained a leg wound. A 26-year-old man was grazed in the shoulder. The victims took themselves to Lincoln Hospital. No arrests have been made.Police knocked down the door of a Mott Haven apartment to rescue a woman in a domestic dispute with her boyfriend Sunday, cops said. When officers arrived on the 12th floor of the building on East 137th Street near Willis Avenue at about 7:30 a.m., they heard a woman inside crying and screaming, police sources said. Her boyfriend refused to open the door for the cops, so they smashed their way in and arrested the man, the sources said. The woman and her three children were taken to an area hospital with minor injuries. The boyfriend was also taken to the hospital for evaluation, the sources said. The name of the man has been withheld pending the filing of charges, cops said.A man studying in a Sheepshead Bay park was slashed and robbed Sunday morning by a pedaling pilcher, according to cops. The 28-year-old victim was sitting in Yak Playground at Coyle Street and Avenue Y at about 9:30 a.m. when a man on a bike approached him and asked to use his cellphone, according to police. As the victim handed over his phone, cops said, the thug reached into the man’s pocket and grabbed his wallet while proclaiming, “You are beat!” The victim tried grabbing the thief’s bike, but his attacker slashed him in the stomach with a pocket knife, police said. The thug then dropped the man’s wallet and phone and fled with just $10, cops said.The crook was described as being in his 20s, about 6-foot-2 and 160 pounds.An elderly woman was killed when she smashed her car into a pillar in Ozone Park, cops said Sunday. Carmela Ruotolo, 88, crashed her 2000 Hyundai at 7:40 p.m. April 20 at Crossbay Boulevard and Liberty Avenue, according to police. Ruotolo, from Howard Beach, was rushed to Jamaica Hospital, where she died April 24, cops said.A man was walloped in the head with a bicycle security chain in the West Village, cops said Sunday. An argument escalated into violence at West 13th Street and Washington Avenue at about 1 p.m. April 22, according to law-enforcement sources. Carl Wu, 20, picked up his bicycle lock-chain with the intent to cause physical injury and hit the victim, also 20, in the face, the sources said. The victim’s lip was split, and he was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he got several stitches, police sources said. Wu was charged with felony assault.A fight broke out in front of a Greenwich Village bar, and one man hurled a glass at a window, injuring people, cops said Sunday. Nathaniel Johnson, 40, allegedly chucked the glass at an open window in front of Author’s Tavern at Grove Street and Seventh Avenue at about 10:30 p.m. on April 23, sources said. The glass hit a bar on the window and shattered, striking two people with shards, the sources said. A witness followed Johnson north on Seventh Avenue for some time, and then police nabbed him, the sources said. He was charged with assault and criminal possession of a weapon.Police arrested two women who attacked each other outside an East Harlem party Sunday, cops said. The fight erupted on East 108th Street near Park Avenue at about 3:15 a.m., police said.Catianna McLeod, 30, told cops that Jessica Johnson, 38, bit her and used a Taser on her, police sources said. Johnson said McLeod punched and kicked her, leaving her with swollen eyes and a bloody nose, thee sources said. It is not clear what started the dispute. Both women were treated at Metropolitan Hospital and charged with assault, the sources said.Read NextIt’s war as DeFrancisco lobbies for Skelos’ spotShare SelectionThis story has been shared 172,967 times.172,967This story has been shared 169,860 times.169,860This story has been shared 127,209 times.127,209© 2021 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights ReservedTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeYour Ad ChoicesSitemapYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal InformationYour California Privacy RightsDo Not Sell My Personal Information"
286,251,334047,"May 3, 2015",New York,Bronx,University Avenue,0,4,http://www.whio.com/news/news/crime-law/multiple-people-shot-on-macarthur-ave-in-dayton/nk74C/#__federated=1,"A gunman opened fire early Sunday, killing one man and wounding six others at a large party at a Germantown Street house.KEY POINTSUPDATE @ 12:30 p.m. (May 4)According to a news release from the Dayton Police Department, one female, 27, is in serious condition, and five others, aged 22 to 31 years of age, suffered non-life-threatening injuries.Victims conditions:Sex: M Race: B Age: 27 Condition: DeceasedSex: F Race: B Age: 27 Condition: SeriousSex: M Race: B Age: 24 Condition: Admitted/non-life threateningSex: M Race: B Age: 31 Condition: Non-life threateningSex: F Race: B Age: 22 Condition: Non-life threateningSex: M Race: B Age: 25 Condition: Non-life threateningSex: M Race: B Age: 24 Condition: Non-life threateningLt. Wendy Stivers said the location of the incident is an illegal liquor establishment, and the deceased male had been ejected due to his behavior. He reportedly returned with a gun and forced his way in. Shots were exchanged and there were multiple injuries.At this time, no arrests have been made.UPDATE @ 11:50 p.m. (May 3)A victim speaks out tonight about the incident around 4 a.m. that sent six people to the hospital with gunshot wounds and left one man dead early Sunday.” … so it was just crazy, fire, bullets was just flying everywhere, (he) came inside and was shooting inside,” said Desiree Johnson, a mother of four recovering from a gunshot wound.Dwayne Curtis, 27, of Trotwood, was found dead inside Germantown Street house in Dayton.Police are still searching for the suspect.Johnson described the chaotic scene as she and her friend tried to leave a party.“That’s all I heard was gunfire and the crowd turned around and was saying ‘no, go back, go back, go back they’re shooting.’ I never looked back after that, I just took off running.”Johnson wasn’t quick enough. The 22-year-old was shot in her right leg.“I felt a burning then a cooling sensation and I thought to myself, ‘I’ve been shot but I just have to keep going.’ ”She managed to get away and her friend drove her to the hospital. At least five other gunshot victims were treated when the person opened fire at the house on Germantown Street in Dayton.The police report lists the address as a “boot joint,” which is a phrase used to describe a place where alcohol is sold illegally.Johnson said someone checked her ID when she arrived, and that she thought it was a club.Neighbors said there’s never been an issue there before.“I don’t know what was going on in there. I know there was always people out there, you know, barcecuing and I thought it was a nice, quiet establishment,” said Martin Caldwell.Johnson said she didn’t know Curtis, but she had seen him at the event. It wasn’t missed on her that she and he were shot by the same man.“From the same gun, the same bullets took somebody’s life,” she said. “I’m leaving here alive, so emotions are just crazy because, like I said, I’m a single mother of four so instantly I think about my babies and … (feel) relieved that I could come home to them and I’m alive.”The bullet is still in Johnson’s leg, and she’ll have to get it checked out in a few days.UPDATE @ 12:30 p.m.:The Montgomery County Coroner’s Office identified the man killed in this morning’s shooting at a house party.Dwayne Curtis, 27, of Trotwood was fatally shot around 4 a.m. in the 2800 block of Germantown Street. Six other people were treated for gunshot wounds at Miami Valley Hospital after shots rang out during a large party at the residence.UPDATE @ 5:30 a.m.:A man was killed and at least six others shot at a residence on Germantown Street.About 100 people were partying when shots rang out around 4 a.m. at the house in the 2800 block of Germantown Street, said Dayton police Sgt. Andrew Zecchini.One man was pronounced dead at the scene. Medics took a woman with gunshot wounds to Miami Valley Hospital. Five other gunshot victims from the same party arrived on their own to Miami Valley Hospital.An eighth gunshot victim had a bullet wound to the leg. He was a block away at Lakeview Avenue and Blanche Street, but police are still investigating whether his injuries are connected to the house party shooting.Police are interviewing multiple witnesses and have not released information on potential suspects.FIRST REPORTPolice were called to reports of multiple people shot near the intersection of Germantown Street and McArthur Avenue.Crews responded to the call shortly after 4 a.m. today. Initial reports indicate at least eight people suffered gunshot wounds, and some of the victims have driven themselves from the scene to Miami Valley Hospital.We have a crew on the scene and will update this page when new information is available."
287,252,333576,"May 3, 2015",Ohio,Dayton,2801 Germantown Street,1,6,https://www.khou.com/article/news/local/mass-shooting-at-houston-nightclub-six-injured/285-148594170,"HOUSTON - Six people were injured in a mass shooting at a downtown nightclub early Sunday morning, according to Houston Police.Around 1 a.m. police responded to a call about a shooting at Empire nightclub on San Jacinto at Elgin and found six people shot.According to HPD, two groups got into an argument inside the club earlier Saturday night.One of the groups left the club and as the second group was standing outside, the first group drove by and opened fire, shooting randomly.The victims' injuries were not life-threatening and they are all in stable conditions at local hospitals, police said.No other information is available at this time. This investigation is ongoing.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
288,253,333750,"May 3, 2015",Wisconsin,Menasha,Friendship Trail,4,1,http://fox6now.com/2015/06/11/released-menasha-police-issue-final-report-on-trestle-trail-bridge-shooting/,"Released: Menasha police issue final report on Trestle Trail bridge shootingMENASHA -- Menasha police released a report on Thursday, June 11th on the shooting that resulted in four deaths on a recreational bridge. The report says the shooter had a long history of depression, alcohol dependency, suicidal and sometimes homicidal thoughts.Investigators say Sergio Valencia del Toro was intoxicated when he fatally shot two men and a child on the bridge before taking his own life on May 3rd.The report cites del Toro's behavioral health history which showed that while in the Air Force he had either sought or had been ordered to a number of behavioral health interventions. The report says in October 2010, he had gone to an emergency walk-in clinic because he was concerned about the intensity of his mood swings.Authorities say del Toro killed Jon Stoffel, his 11-year-old daughter Olivia and Adam Bentdahl. Stoffel' wife, Erin, was injured.The report also notes a surveillance camera located within a pavilion at Fritse Park captured some of what happened on May 3rd. The report says:Police interviewed Erin Stoffel three days after the shooting -- while she was recovering. The report indicates she told investigators she was walking on the bridge with her family when ""she heard a loud bang; however, didn't recognize what it was."" Her husband, Jon, and Olivia were behind her at the time. The report states when Erin Stoffel turned around, she saw a man had something in his hand -- ""he said something to the effect of, 'you didn't see anything,"" and almost simultaneously brought the item that he had in his hand out of the bag and at that point he started to shoot all of them."" Erin Stoffel told police ""she remembers both she and Jon were shot almost simultaneously."" She also told police ""that her husband Jon said, 'May God forgive you' to the shooter.""""It's still our belief that this was completely a random act,"" said Tim Styka, Menasha Police Chief.Erin Stoffel was released from the hospital on Friday, May 22nd. Prior to that release, she issued the following statement from her surgeon at Theda Clark Medical Center:This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
289,254,332732,"May 1, 2015",Wisconsin,Milwaukee,3700 block of 37th Street,2,3,http://www.cbs58.com/story/29180652/second-suspect-charged-in-double-homicide-at-37th-and-nash-street,"Second suspect has been charged in connection with the fatal shootings on May 1 near 37th and Nash Street.Mario Lovert Granville was charged with two counts of first degree reckless homicide and three counts of first degree endangering safety.The first suspect to these shootings was arrested on May 8.Devon Loggins, who resides at the house where the homicides occurred,was arrested on May 8 for this crime.Loggins was charged with two counts of first degree reckless homicide, three counts of first degree recklessly endangering safety and possession of a firearm by a felon.The two homicides happened just before 1:00 a.m. on May 1 in the 3700 block of N. 37th Street.Two victims, a 25-year-old Milwaukee man and a 26-year-old Milwaukee man, died at the scene. Three victims, a 25-year-old man, a 26-year-old man, and a 33-year-old man, were all transported to a local hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries.CBS 58's reporter Sarah Barwacz spoke with the mother of the victim on the phone.The mother said the homicides stemmed from a family dispute that spiraled out of control.That mother said the homicide victims are an uncle, Damario Jones, and his nephew, Montrell Burdine.Family told CBS 58, Jones had a child with a women and the two families got into fight and it turned to gun shots.Many in the neighborhood were surprised by the loud gun shots early in the morning.Milwaukee Police continue to search for the known suspect.A pastor from Pastors United said their will be a vigil today at 37th and Nash Street for the victims. The vigil will be at 6:00 p.m. The pastor also says he's gathering with other pastors to create a center for people to resolve their resolutions.Pastor Malcolm Hunt says, \""We are looking to set up a conflict resolution center where people have a problem and they want to resolve that problem before violence they can give us a call we can sit down and talk it out instead of shooting it out or fighting it out.\"""
290,257,329463,"April 25, 2015",New Jersey,Trenton,Wood Street,0,4,http://www.nj.com/mercer/index.ssf/2015/04/4_shot_in_trenton_early_saturday_night_police_say.html#incart_river,"IMG_2104.jpegTrenton police investigate the scene of the crime on Wood Street.(Rich Cuccagna/Times of Trenton)TRENTON— Trenton police are investigating a shooting on a city street Saturday that left four people wounded, police said.One person was shot in the torso, two suffered leg wounds and the fourth person was grazed by a bullet in the 6 p.m. shooting on Wood Street, said Lt. Stephen Varn. The person shot in the torso was rushed into emergency surgery, Varn said.Additional details about their conditions was not immediately available.Wood Street was blocked off by emergency vehicles as the investigation by the Shooting Response Team was ongoing.Rich Cuccagna may be reached atrcuccagna@njtimes.com. Follow him on Twitter@RichCuccagna. FindThe Times of Trenton on Facebook.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
291,258,329322,"April 25, 2015",New York,Gates,24 Hinchey Rd,1,6,https://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/2015/04/27/gates-pub-shooting-victims-identified/26463371/,"Police have released more information about the survivors of adeadly shooting at Gates Pubover the weekend.Officials had earlier identified Ricky C. Jones, a 37-year-old Rochester resident, who was killed in the shooting early Saturday morning.On Monday, Gates police identified the six other individuals who were wounded. They are:• Clinton Hankerson, 37, of Rochester• Shana Forte, 26, of Rochester• Timothy H. White, 29, of Rochester• Shirley Barnes, 33, of Rochester• Johniesha Hartzog, 27, of Rochester• Kamara Snead, 30, of RochesterHankerson remains hospitalized in intensive care and is listed in guarded condition. Forte and White are both in satisfactory condition. The other three victims have been released from local hospitals.David Alligood, 31, was charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of Jones. Police said he was on parole for an earlier drug-sales felony. He was taken into custody near the Gates Pub, which is located on Hinchey Road in the town of Gates.Gates police chief James VanBrederode said the bar was filled with a normal Friday-night crowd when Alligood allegedly began firing at about 1:30 a.m. Police have said that they believe Jones was Alligood's intended target.The other six victims apparently were innocent bystanders who happened to be standing near Jones when the firing began.""To my knowledge, the people didn't know each other and just got caught in the gunfire,"" VanBrederode said. ""When you're in a confined area like that and someone decides to discharge a gun, every round is likely to hit someone.""On Monday, VanBrederode said that his department was working with multiple agencies on the investigation, but that there was no new information to pass along at this time.SLAHMAN@Gannett.comTwitter.com/SeanLahman"
292,259,326792,"April 21, 2015",Texas,Killeen,420 Gilmer St,2,3,http://www.tdtnews.com/news/article_65177d6c-63fb-11e8-929d-b3801329328a.html,"Windy with a mix of clouds and sun. High 72F. Winds N at 20 to 30 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..Clear to partly cloudy. Near record low temperatures. Low 39F. Winds NNE at 15 to 25 mph.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 3:07 pmBELTON — Twelve jurors decided the fate of Rico Doyle Tuesday afternoon, finding him guilty of capital murder after an afternoon of deliberations in the 426th District Court of Judge Fancy Jezek, according to media reports.Doyle pleaded not guilty in September 2015 to the shooting deaths of Kysha D. Edmond-Gray, 42, and Deanna Louise Buster, 38, in downtown Killeen on April 21, 2015. Doyle was also accused of injuring three others in the shooting.Lawyers for both the prosecution and defense in the capital murder trial rested their cases earlier Tuesday morning after testimony by a police officer. Closing arguments took a little over 90 minutes.The jury was comprised of four women and eight men.“Don’t let him get away, literally, with murder,” said Paul McWilliams, Bell County first assistant district attorney, in the last sentence of his closing argument. Leslie McWilliams, assistant district attorney, was co-counsel for the state.More than a dozen family members of Edmond-Gray and Buster crowded behind the district attorney's table during closing statements.In their closing arguments, Doyle’s defense attorneys, John Donahue and Jon Evans, outlined inconsistencies among the statements of the four civilian witnesses called to the stand. Some witnesses said Doyle was shooting from different places in the apartment complex and that he had been out at a club for most of the evening.The prosecution countered with the argument that while witnesses might have not been consistent on details of the chaotic scene, but they were consistent on several key points: ""No one else had a gun that night and the only person shooting a gun was Rico Doyle, and that he shot all five victims,"" McWilliams said. ""The defense is trying to distract and confuse.""The final witness in the case was one of the first Killeen Police Department officers on the scene on April 21, 2015, recalled to the stand to answer questions for McWilliams and Evans. Lane Copelin, who is no longer a patrol officer with the Killeen Police Department, was one of the first officers to respond to the apartment where shots had been fired, according to court testimony on Tuesday.Testimony concerned the witness accounts of people at the scene, at least four minutes of which was recorded on Copelin's body camera and shown to the courtroom last week.""You can see that people were not calm,"" McWilliams said to the jury while Copelin was on the stand. ""Lots of people were saying lots of things.""One witness told Copelin that Doyle ""had entered the apartment and just started shooting, and he didn't know why,"" according to testimony.McWilliams said that witness account of events that night ""never wavered.""""He gave a description of the shooter, what he was wearing and what he was driving,"" McWilliams said.Doyle's attorney, Evans, said the witness gave a different statement at another time.McWilliams addressed the witness statements during closing arguments.McWilliams said forensic evidence indicates that all five people were shot with one firearm, a .45 caliber that belonged to one of the victims, Edmond-Gray. “It doesn’t matter how Rico got that gun,” McWilliams told the jury. “You need to put witness statements in context and look at the physical evidence.”Doyle also pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault with a deadly weapon on allegations of wounding three other people during the same incident, according to court records.If convicted, Doyle could be sentenced to death, said Bell County District Attorney Henry Garza.The trial officially began April 2 with the start of jury selection. Tuesday was the sixth day of testimony in the case.Doyle has been in the Bell County Jail on bonds totaling more than $1.2 million since being arrested in April 2015."
293,260,325862,"April 19, 2015",Virginia,Richmond,200 block of West Hill Street,0,4,http://www.nbc12.com/story/28842062/rpd-4-shot-in-gilpin-court,"RICHMOND, VA (WWBT) - Richmond Police said there are no suspects yet in a quadruple shooting in Gilpin Court Sunday afternoon.Police said the shooting happened around 3:45 p.m. Sunday in the 200 block of W. Hill Street, in the area of the Tiger Market. When police arrived on the scene, they found two people who had been shot in the leg, one who had been shot in the back, and a fourth victim that police said was grazed by gunfire. Adults and children were at the scene, police said, and a van parked nearby had been hit by gunfire.Police described all of the injuries to the victims as non-life-threatening, although all were sent to VCU Medical Center for treatment.Anyone with information that could help investigators can call Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000.Copyright 2015 WWBTNBC12. All rights reserved.5710 Midlothian TurnpikeRichmond, VA 23225(804) 230-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
294,261,327341,"April 18, 2015",Alabama,Montgomery,1800 block of Gibbs Court,0,5,http://www.wsfa.com/story/28841135/5-injured-in-west-montgomery-shooting,"MONTGOMERY, AL (WSFA) - Five people were injured in a shooting in west Montgomery late Saturday night.Police responded to the scene in the 1800 block of Gibbs Court just before midnight, according to a news release from the Montgomery Police Department.Four women and a man were transported to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.At this time, there is no one in custody in connection to this shooting, according to police.Copyright 2015WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.445 Dexter AvenueSuite 7000Montgomery, AL 36104(334) 288-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
295,266,324424,"April 16, 2015",Arizona,Phoenix,4300 block of East Anderson Drive,5,0,http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2015/04/17/phoenix-five-murdered-abrk/25930963/,"They were three immigrant brothers who were trying to make their mark on the highly competitive limousine-service business.On Thursday, police say, a dispute over how to run the business sent the middle brother into a rage that left four members of his family dead before he turned the gun on himself in the north Phoenix home they shared.""It's obvious that he went through great lengths to make sure each of them were dead,"" said Phoenix police Sgt. Trent Crump. He said each of the victims appeared to have been shot multiple times.Officers identified the killer as Driss Diaeddinn, 50. The victims were both of Diaeddinn's brothers, one of their wives and their mother.Diaeddinn's wife and his two children, ages 3 and 10, along with his sister, managed to escape and dial 911.Crump, a Phoenix police spokesman, identified the slain brothers as Dodi Fayed, 56, and Reda Diaeddinn, 38. Also slain were Kenza Benzakour, 76, the gunman's mother, and 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yahia, his sister-in-law. Court records show an alternate spelling of the last name as Diaeddine.""Witness information at this time indicates there had been an ongoing business dispute between the three brothers. One of the brothers, who is considered the suspect at this time, obtained a semi-automatic handgun and ultimately shot and killed four family members,"" Crump said in a statement.He said the two slain brothers and the siblings' mother, Benzakour, were found downstairs. Police believe Benzakour heard gunfire in the 2,300-square-foot home and was walking down the stairs when she was slain.Police arrived after the shooting was apparently over and prepared for a standoff situation. They used a megaphone to try to communicate with the occupants, addressing the family in Arabic.After receiving no response, a SWAT team used a robot to search the house prior to sending in a dog and officers.When police went inside, they found Diaeddinn dead in an upstairs room with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, Crump said. Ben Yahia was also found in an upstairs bedroom.Friends and acquaintances said.the brothers operated ExStyle, a discount transportation company, using SUVs and luxury cars such as Cadillac Escalades and Lincoln Town Cars.They launched their own business after working for ExecuCar, a large transportation company. Fellow drivers said the spinoff business initially appeared to be successful but said the brothers were under pressure to sustain their low-cost, high-volume business model.""I knew Dodi really well, also kind of knew Reda, not Driss,"" driver Sunny Singh said. ""I would hang around with Dodi; we'd go to the gym together. He never said anything about Driss or Reda, just always said, 'My brothers worked very hard.' Dodi was a very friendly person.""He said Dodi Fayed had an easygoing manner.""He was a forgiving person. He'd give me a second chance,"" Singh said. ""Don't go to work on time? He'd let it go.""Fayed also was a pastry chef who dreamed of opening his own Moroccan restaurant, called Chez Dodi, in Scottsdale. He worked on the restaurant for months, but the project dragged on and apparently never came to fruition.Zahi El-Rahi, another driver, said he worked with the brothers for a year and a half, ending in 2012.El-Rahi said he knew the entire family and would often visit home near 44th Street and Bell Road, where the slayings occurred.While El-Rahi described the family as close and hardworking, he said that Driss Diaeddinn was known as a hothead and that others knew to be wary of him.""Some of the other drivers didn't like working with Driss; he had a temper,"" he said.Neighbors in the normally quiet neighborhood were shocked by the bloodshed. Don LeTendre said he used the transportation service at least seven times for trips to Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.""They were very neat, very kind, great people,"" LeTendre said. ""We had no issues at all.""""I feel for whoever is left. It's a damn shame,"" he said. ""My heart goes out to them.""The family owned a second house on the south side of 44th Street and Bell Road, where they would store their cars to avoid encountering problemswith a homeowners association.""It's unbelievable,"" said Keith Bronston, another neighbor. ""You didn't have any idea what was going on behind closed doors.""Gawi Mos, a family friend who came to the scene Friday afternoon, said he was shocked to hear what had happened. He said he was aware there were business issues, but the family members themselves were fine.""It's a nice family,"" he said."
296,268,318125,"April 5, 2015",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh,Dinwiddie Street,1,3,http://www.post-gazette.com/local/city/2015/04/05/One-dead-three-injured-in-Hill-Distric-shooting/stories/201504050225,
297,269,318221,"April 5, 2015",Kentucky,Louisville,40th and Grand Street,1,4,http://www.wave3.com/story/28724814/5-people-shot-in-early-hours-of-easter-sunday,"LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - One person is dead and four others are injured after a shooting in the early morning hours of Easter Sunday that spread to two different scenes.Just after 12:30 a.m., Louisville Metro Police received reports of multiple gunshots and/or victims in the areas of 40th Street and Grand Avenue in the Chickasaw neighborhood and also 28th and Dumesnil Streets in the Parkland neighborhood.[OTHER NEWS: Man shot dead in Portland Saturday]When they arrived at 40th and Grand, they found one male shot to death and two others with gunshot wounds.The deceased was identified as Ray Anthony Joseph Jr., 19.The other two victims were taken to University Hospital with injuries that did appear to be life-threatening.At 28th and Dumesnil, officers discovered two additional victims with gunshot wounds - a male and a female. Both of them were transported to the hospital and are expected to live, said police.All of the surviving victims are also in their late teens or early 20s, according to Smiley.Investigators believe the two scenes are related and all of the victims were shot during an altercation at 40th and Grand.However, these shootings do not appear to be connected to a homicide that happened a few hours earlier in the Portland neighborhood, said police.Police are looking for leads. If you have any information, please call the anonymous tip line at 502-574-LMPD (5673).Copyright 2015WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.725 S. Floyd StreetLouisville, KY 40203(502) 585-2201A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
298,270,318297,"April 5, 2015",Indiana,Indianapolis,5000 block of Wildflower Court,0,5,http://fox59.com/2015/04/10/suspect-identified-in-shooting-that-injured-2-women-3-children/,"Fox 59by:Greg Margason - Digital ProducerDomonique StoneUPDATE: Domonique Stone was placed under arrest on April 12, 2015. He pleaded guilty to robbery resulting in serious bodily injury on Jan. 1, 2017. His other charges were dismissed. He was sentenced to 15 years in DOC followed by 5 years Community Corrections.INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (April 10, 2015)– Police are searching for a man wanted for his alleged involvement in a shooting that lefttwo women and three children injured.On April 5 officers responded to the 5000 block of Wildflower Court, near West 59th Street and Georgetown Road, on a report of multiple people shot. Five victims were located inside the residence with apparent gunshot wounds and other injuries.An arrest warrant has been issued for Domonique Stone, 24, who is one of three suspects believed to be involved in the shooting. Stone faces charges of burglary, armed robbery, robbery and carrying a handgun without a license.A different suspect was seen entering a 2002 silver Ford Focus with Indiana license plate number WOJ856. This same vehicle was stolen during a carjacking earlier in the same afternoon.Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Stone, the identities of the other two suspects involved, or the whereabouts of the suspect vehicle is urged to call Crime Stoppers of Central Indiana at 262-TIPS (8477). Stone is to be considered armed and dangerous.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.INDIANAPOLIS -- Health experts are seeing a decline in vaccinations nationwide. At one point many were rushing to schedule appointments but that’s no longer the case in some areas.“What we’re seeing is interest in the vaccine is weaning a little bit across the state,” said Regenstrief Institute, Director of Public Health and Informatic, Dr. Brian Dixion.INDIANAPOLIS-- The community continues to heal from the mass shooting at the FedEx ground facility.“Violence in general, and the trauma that comes from violence has lasting and significant effects on everyone,” said David Berman, with Mental Health America of Indiana. “Anyone who goes through an event like that is going to have some post-traumatic stress”MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
299,271,318531,"April 5, 2015",Michigan,Benton Harbor,1000 block of Blossom Lane,0,4,http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/benton-harbor-shooting-victims-identified/article_f3bca6c2-dcb9-11e4-bee6-efe62badd34b.html,"The victims in a shooting that took place late Sunday in Benton Harbor have been identified, according to our news reporting partners at WSBT.Benton Township Police Chief Vincent Fetke told WSBT 22 that officers from several different police agencies – including the FBI Violent Crimes Task Force – are investigating but said he will not speculate about what happened.Darell W. Craft, Jr. -- 20 was shot once in the torso and Deontae M. Poindexter was shot once in the abdominal area. Both are in good condition. Tevin T. Hayes, 24, was shot in the right hip and Dina D. Welch was shot once in the lower back. Both were treated for their injuries and released. A fifth person, Priscilla M. Anderson, 46, may have suffered a heart attack. Anderson was not involved in the incident. Police say that Anderson is in critical condition.Two people were treated and released, two other remain hospitalized after incident at Blossom Acres housing development.Two people were treated and released, two other remain hospitalized after incident at Blossom Acres housing development.Success!An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.The news you need to start your day, sent weekday mornings.The day's top 5 news headlines, sent weekday evenings."
300,272,317165,"April 3, 2015",Florida,Daytona Beach,300 block of Henry Butts Drive,0,4,http://www.news-journalonline.com/article/20160625/NEWS/160629648/101040?Title=Culture-of-Silence-In-1-of-4-unsolved-violent-crimes-witnesses-are-too-scared-to-come-forward,"© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Daytona Beach News-Journal Online  ~ 901 6th Street, Daytona Beach, FL 32117~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
301,299,588835,"February 23, 2015",Florida,Daytona Beach,Sheridan Road,0,4,http://www.news-journalonline.com/article/20160625/NEWS/160629648/101040?Title=Culture-of-Silence-In-1-of-4-unsolved-violent-crimes-witnesses-are-too-scared-to-come-forward,"© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Daytona Beach News-Journal Online  ~ 901 6th Street, Daytona Beach, FL 32117~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
302,273,316795,"April 2, 2015",Maryland,Baltimore,1900 block of West Lanvale Street,0,5,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/bs-md-multiple-shooting-west-lanvale-20150402-story.html,"Suspects in a stolen car twice fled from police who attempted to pull them over Thursday before arriving at a West Baltimore corner, shooting into a crowd and hitting four adults and a teen.The victims were taken to hospitals and expected to survive, police said. A 37-year-old woman was shot in the torso; a 39-year-old woman was shot in the leg; a 22-year-old man was shot in the leg; and a 15-year-old girl was shot in the arm, police said. They were not identified.On Friday, police said a fifth victim was discovered: A 39-year-old woman shot in the lower back. She was expected to survive.Officers heard gunfire in the 1900 block of W. Lanvale St. in Midtown-Edmondson about 3 p.m., but by the time they arrived, the suspects had fled, police said.""What we know is that there were people in this vehicle that were brazen shooters,"" Baltimore police Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said. ""They were willing to do whatever it took to get to this corner and fire those shots, and we need to get them off the street. ... They came to this corner, and they opened fire on a crowd.""Police said they were looking for a blue Honda Pilot with Maryland tag 5BE1423.The Regional Auto Theft Task force, a team of officers from the city and surrounding areas, was investigating stolen cars about 1 p.m. when a police car's tag reader scanned the Pilot's plate, which generated an alert that the vehicle had been stolen. Officers tried to stop the Honda, but it quickly accelerated, police said, and the pursuit was called off to protect other motorists.Officers spotted the vehicle again and tried to pull it over, but it fled again, police said. The vehicle's description was broadcast over police radio, and officers were searching for it in West Baltimore when the shooting occurred, police said.Police said the Pilot pulled up to West Lanvale and Appleton streets, and an ""unknown number of people inside the car fired an unknown number of shots,"" Kowalczyk said.""I was at the window and I heard eight shots,"" said Janai Lewis, who lives nearby. She said she looked from her backyard and saw a teen or young man in a bush who appeared to be shot in the shoulder. From the front of her house, she said, she saw a woman in the street and another sitting on the curb bleeding from the leg.Police said they did not know of any motives Thursday.Lewis said the last few days have been marked by gunfire in the neighborhood, including five shots she said she heard Wednesday night. She and other residents said the string of gunfire began after Sterling Day was shot dead in the 800 block of Monroe St. on March 23 — about a block from Thursday's shooting scene.""His funeral was today,"" said Lewis, 21.She said more officers should be posted on the surrounding blocks to watch for retaliatory shootings.""They need to be here more, especially with the killing that happened and what's going on,"" she said.There have been at least 13 shootings this year involving multiple victims in the city, including two shootings that wounded at least four people each.Antoine Scott, 21, said residents are afraid they might get caught in the gunfire.""I'm scared to raise my kids up in here,"" he said. ""Killings after killings.""Scott said he grew up with Day, who never knew his father and whose mother died several years ago. He described the homicide victim as well-liked and a good father to his young daughter.""We were putting together money for his funeral,"" Scott said. ""Bunch of crazy shooters. People just need to stop. … The black community is better than that.""jgeorge@baltsun.comcmcampbell@baltsun.comtwitter.com/justingeorgetwitter.com/cmcampbell6Recommended"
303,334,272016,"January 1, 2015",Tennessee,Memphis,I-240 and Poplar Ave,0,5,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/29446021/nye-party-bus-shooting-suspects-indicted-on-25-counts-of-first-degree-murder,"SHELBY COUNTY, TN (WMC) - Two men arrested in connection to a New Year's Eve party bus shooting were indicted and charged with 25 counts of attempted first-degree murder, according to the Office of the Shelby County District Attorney General.On January 1, investigators said two men began arguing with another man outside Ice Bar in the 4200 block of Hacks Cross Road. The man then got onto a party bus with 24 other people.Shortly afterward on Interstate 240, a Nissan Maxima corralled the bus by pulling in front and hitting the brakes, causing the driver to slow down. Investigators say two men inside at 2005 Chevrolet Tahoe pulled up alongside the bus. Investigators say the driver of the Tahoe, lateridentified as Robert Sanders, began firing shots into the bus.Sanders, 32, and the passenger in the Tahoe,24-year-old Ladarius Berry, were later arrested. Each man was charged with 25 counts of attempted first-degree murder, one for every person on the party bus.Copyright 2015 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
304,2,738041,"December 30, 2016",Ohio,Mansfield,3230 Possum Run Rd,0,5,http://wdtn.com/2016/12/30/5-teens-shot-at-mansfield-hotel-overnight/,"WDTN.comby:wdtnmegankennedyMANSFIELD (WCMH) — Five teenagers were shot at a hotel in Mansfield overnight, officials say.All were males between the ages of 17 and 19,according to WKYC.The shootings happened around 12:30 a.m. at Spruce Hill Inn & Cottages, which is next to the Snow Trails ski resort.All victims are being treated at OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital, a representative of the Richland County Sheriff’s Officetold WKYC.There have been no arrests made.The victims include 18-year-old Marvin Patrick Parker, 19-year-old Darion Eugene Edward, 18-year-old Andre Cortez Craig, 17-year-old Jaquan Jabree Durrell, and 17-year-old Damauri Rawls, all of Mansfield.Deputies arrived after reports that one person had been shot. They arrived “to find three victims and numerous other people present,” according to WKYC. Two of the victims had already left to be taken to the hospital in a private vehicle.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prosecutors fought hard to add a third-degree murder charge against former police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, but a conviction on that charge alone could set up a problematic scenario for them.That’s because another fired Minneapolis officer found guilty of third-degree murder has a pending appeal before the state Supreme Court — and if his conviction is overturned, it could mean a Chauvin conviction would fall, too.DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) -- Montgomery County Prosecutor Mat Heck, Jr. announced the indictment of a Dayton man for the shooting January shooting death of his newly pregnant fiancée.Kendall Lee Hock, 24, was indicted for fatally shooting Anjelica Ramey, his fiancée, on Jan. 11, 2021. Prosecutors said that he called 911 and reported that she had shot herself with his gun. Hock has a previous felony drug conviction, which prohibits him from owning a firearm."
305,3,738576,"December 30, 2016",Connecticut,Wallingford,95 S Turnpike Rd,2,3,https://www.nhregister.com/news/article/Suspect-in-Oakdale-concert-slayings-claims-13114552.php,"WALLINGFORD — One of the men arrested in connection with the killing of two people outside the Toyota Oakdale Theatre in 2016 alleges it was self-defense, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.Kyle Hampton, 23, of Half Mile Road, North Haven, is charged with two counts of first-degree manslaughter with a firearm, carrying a pistol without a permit and tampering with physical evidence. He is being held in lieu of $1 million bail and is scheduled to appear in court  Tuesday, according to online judicial records.Travis Ward, 31, and Jaquan Graves, 20, both of New Haven, were killed during a shootout following the performance of hip-hop artist Meek Mill. Concertgoers were leaving around 11:15 p.m. when gunfire was exchanged in the parking lot of the theater.Responding officers found Ward and Graves, both unresponsive with gunshot wounds, next to a dark-colored Mazda Protege MP3, along with three other victims who had gunshot wounds that were not life-threatening.It was determined Ward and Graves arrived in the Mazda with three other men, all of whom were initially “uncooperative” with investigators. Two of the men later told investigators an argument ensued in the parking lot between them and another group of men who were in a BMW and almost ran them over, the arrest warrant affidavit says.One of the men described Graves, who allegedly was in the middle of the altercation, as “highly aggressive.” The other alleged Graves threatened to kill the occupants of the BMW, according to the warrant affidavit,Shortly thereafter, the two men who spoke to police said, gunfire was exchanged on both sides, with multiple shots striking Graves and Ward. One of the men said he recognized the BMW’s occupants as members of a rival gang who had had previous feuds with Graves, the warrant affidavit says.A victim and a witness also provided investigators a detailed account of the incident. The victim told officers that, as the two separate groups were arguing, the driver of a blue BMW got out of the car and fired several shots toward the area where Graves and Ward were standing, the warrant affidavit says.The witness provided police with a description of the alleged shooter’s BMW and the first two letters of the license plate. Officers then cross-referenced the possible vehicles with a list of tickets purchased for the concert, and identified Hampton as a person of interest.On Jan. 20, 2017, officers obtained search and seizure warrants for Hampton, his residence and his BMW, and found 4.2 ounces of marijuana in his possession. He was charged with possession of marijuana greater than 4 ounces and taken to the police station, the warrant affidavit says.During an interview, Hampton admitted he attended the Meek Mill concert — officers had found a jacket matching the clothing description of one of the shooters and a Meek Mill concert ticket inside the jacket pocket. While he initially said he left before the shooting, he later said he got into his car and drove off after hearing gunfire. When officers asked Hampton why witnesses placed the shooter in his BMW, he said someone may have been using it as a shield, according to the warrant affidavit.Almost a month later, Hampton called police and said he wanted to meet to clear his name. This time, he told investigators he went to the concert with two friends and Tivon Edwards, 33, who is also charged with two counts of first-degree manslaughter with a firearm in connection with the Oakdale homicides. After initially claiming he went straight home after the shooting started, he said he had been involved in the altercation but only as a bystander, the warrant affidavit says.He said the other group of men was acting wild and aggressive toward his friends, and, upon hearing shots, he ran to the passenger side of the BMW and ducked down. Using his BMW as a shield, he said he leaped into the driver’s seat and took off, the warrant affidavit says.In November 2017, Hamtpon was again questioned about his involvement in the Oakdale shootings, following an investigation and his subsequent arrest for alleged illegal sale of marijuana.During this interview, he said a group of men from New Haven, which included Graves, was “acting crazy” and got into an argument with his friend after the group nearly kicked his friend’s vehicle, according to the warrant affidavit.Despite alleged attempts from Hampton and another individual to pacify Graves, Graves allegedly didn’t listen and continued to argue. Hampton said Graves claimed to have a gun and walked toward Hampton’s BMW with one drawn, the warrant affidavit says.Hampton told police he repeatedly asked what Graves was doing, but Graves didn’t respond, allegedly just continuing toward the car. Hampton said he opened the car door and shots rang out. Hampton allegedly once again asked what Graves was doing, but the 20-year-old didn’t answer. As Graves approached Hampton, he became scared, so he took a .40-caliber Glock out of the glove box and fired at Graves, Hampton said, according to the the warrant affidavit.Hampton said he retreated to the rear of the car and ducked for cover. After the shooting, he said he left the scene alone.He initially said he threw the gun somewhere after the concert, but later said he gave it to Edwards and didn’t know what happened to it after that, the warrant affidavit says. A database search revealed Hampton doesn’t have a valid pistol permit.The warrant affidavit says a male informer, who contacted investigators in early March 2017, told them Edwards allegedly said “people ran up on him” that night, so he and “Cousin K,” whom the informer knew to be Hampton, “took care of business.”The arrest warrant says Edwards’ statements and descriptions of events leading up to the scene are consistent with witness statements.jessica.lerner@hearstmediact.com; @jesslerner on Twitter"
306,5,734157,"December 25, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,8600 block of S Maryland Ave,3,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/another-dead-in-east-chatham-mass-shooting-on-christmas/,"Filed under:A 33-year-old man has died nearly two weeks after he was shot in amass shooting on Christmas nightin the East Chatham neighborhood, authorities said.Three men were killed and four other people were wounded in the shooting, which happened about 9:20 p.m. on Dec. 25, Chicago Police said. A group of people were gathered on the porch of a home in the 8600 block of South Maryland for a party when someone wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt walked out from an adjacent alley and opened fire before running away.Steven Freeman, of the 7600 block of South Normal, was shot in the body and taken to Stroger Hospital, where he died at 1:53 a.m. Friday, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.Also killed were James Gill, 18, who was shot in the head and pronounced dead at the scene; and Roy Gill III, 21, who was shot multiple times and taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where he died, authorities said.A 35-year-old man suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was also taken to Christ, where he was listed in critical condition, police said. A 27-year-old man and 21-year-old woman both suffered a gunshot wound to the leg and were taken to Stroger, where their conditions were stabilized. A 39-year-old man shot in the foot later showed up at Roseland Community Hospital in good condition, police said.“We heard the shots and hit the deck,” a neighbor who asked not to be named said the morning after. “There’s people in and out of that house all the time.”Litter, including an empty bottle of Ketel One vodka and empty beer cans, strewn the lawn near police tape that cordoned off the crime scene.A police officer guarding the scene said at least five shell casings were recovered as the snow covering a patch of grass outside the home melted overnight.Area South detectives were investigating. No one was in custody.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
307,6,735947,"December 25, 2016",Alabama,Ozark,858 US-231,0,4,http://www.wsfa.com/story/34137756/four-people-shot-at-hotel-in-ozark-louisville-man-charged,"OZARK, AL (WSFA) - A Louisville man is facing attempted murder charges after a shooting occurred on Christmas morning in Ozark.The incident took place in the back of the Ozark Inn and Suites around 12:30 a.m. on Sunday.Four people were injured in the shooting and, so far, three of them have been released from the hospital. The fourth person is still in critical condition.Police say the shooting followed a verbal and physical fight at the hotel.""There were people partying. They were going back and forth in groups and every once and a while, it would seem like a scuffle was going to break out and it would calm down and then all of a sudden, it was like a scuffle and gunfire all at the same time,"" said Terri York, a witness of the shooting.Roydricus McCray, 25, is accused of grabbing a gun after the altercation began and shooting into a crowd. He is now facing four counts of attempted murder.""A lot of people, of course, left once the shooting started. I think they jumped in cars, were running trying to get out of the way. He had no regard for people's lives,"" said Marlos Walker, Ozark Chief of Police.Deep Patel, owner of the hotel, says the group involved in the incident were out of towners and they were checked in for two nights.""This is a safe establishment, nothing like this has occurred here before and we're going to take preventative measures to make sure this doesn't happen again,"" Patel said.McCray bonded out of the Dale County Jail on Tuesday on a $400,000 bond.Copyright 2016WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.445 Dexter AvenueSuite 7000Montgomery, AL 36104(334) 288-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
308,7,733599,"December 25, 2016",New York,Mount Vernon,4 North 3rd Avenue,1,5,http://www.lohud.com/story/news/crime/2016/12/26/errol-hillary-court-mansion-club-shooting/95848672/,"MOUNT VERNON - Errol Hillary was arraigned MondayMondayon a second-degree murder charge in the Christmas morning shooting that left a nightclub co-owner, O'Neil Bandoo, dead and injured five other men.With about 20 people looking on, most of them apparently relatives and friends of the slain co-owner, Hillary, 39, appeared briefly in Mount Vernon City Court and was ordered held without bail at the Westchester County jail. He did not enter a plea. He is due back in court Friday.Spectators declined to comment as they left the courthouse.EARLIER: 1 dead in Christmas killing at Mount Vernon clubAt the club, more than two dozen candles stood outside in a memorial.A few passersby paid their respects Monday morning. One woman stopped in front of the candles and made a sign of the cross. Two men, who declined to comment, each wrote messages on candles and lit them.Kerry Ann Richardson lit a candle of her own with her 13 and 9-year-old sons. She said she didn't know Bandoo personally but said his death shook the neighborhood.At least one of the five injured people has been released from the hospital, authorities said. The four others remain in the hospital, according to a city spokesperson.The shooting took place as security officers were removing Hillary from The Mansion at 4 N. Third Ave. just before 4:30 a.m. Sunday. Angry about being thrown out of the club's late-night Christmas party, he took out a gun from his waistband and began firing, authorities said. Mansion co-owner O'Neil Bandoo was struck and died at the scene. The six victims were found in the lobby and on the street outside the club, police said.Security guards tackled Hillary but he scuffled to get away until police who were nearby arrived and subdued him, authorities said.Hillary was freed on $200,000 bond six months ago after being charged with attempted murder in the Bronx. He was accused of shooting a 38-year-old man in the shoulder on Boston Road in the Bronx on May 5. Hillary is due back in court Jan. 4 in that case."
309,8,732927,"December 24, 2016",North Carolina,Madison,490 K Ford Rd,0,7,http://wncn.com/2016/12/26/teen-who-was-1-of-7-injured-in-nc-moose-lodge-christmas-party-shooting-speaks-out/,"CBS17.comby:Patrick ZarconeMADISON, N.C. (CNN Newsource) – Deputies are looking for two suspects after a shooting at a Christmas party in North Carolina.Seven people were wounded at a private party in Rockingham County Saturday.Previous coverage:Pair sought after 7 shot during NC Moose Lodge Christmas partyA Mayodan mother is thankful her daughter is alive.“She could’ve been dead today on Christmas eve,” said Tammy Joins.Her 18-year-old daughter Daisy was one of the seven people shot during a Christmas party at the Moose Lodge in Madison.“I can’t believe somebody could do something like that with all those people’s lives at stake. Goes to show you there’s mean people everywhere,” Joins said.According to the Rockingham County Sheriff’s Office, more than 250 people were at the party when two masked men started shooting after 2 a.m.Daisy Joins was shot in the ankle.Previous coverage:7 shot at NC Moose Lodge during private party“People were arguing and then it calmed down and that’s when everybody was about to leave. It was calm and then randomly, people just started shooting,” she said.The Rockingham sheriff says people were trying to get away from the shooters. That’s why many of the victims were picked up at different locations. Daisy and one other victim were found at s Checkers on Highway 311.Two victims stayed at the Moose Lodge, one crossed the county line, another was found at a school parking lot and the seventh victim made it to a hospital in Reidsville.All have non-life threatening injuries.“Scary. I’m very lucky. It could’ve been a lot worse,” said Daisy Joins.Joins said she did not see the shooters.“No one did anything. It was just because they were mad so I do hope police catch them.”She said she doesn’t know who exactly threw the party but she said most of the people there were between the ages of 18 and 30.Deputies said there was alcohol available at the event.Joins’ mom wants the suspects caught.“There could be people dead today because of them going in there and being stupid and shooting. I hope they do catch them because I’m going to be there at every hearing they have,” she said.The suspects had their faces covered with ski masks during the shooting.The county sheriff said they were later seen leaving in a silver vehicle being driven by a woman.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.WILSON, N.C. (WNCN) - A man turned himself in Tuesday after a man was murdered at a Wilson park Sunday afternoon, police said.David L. Alston, 42, was charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Nicholas J. Ellis, 25. He was given no bond.ATHENS, Greece (AP) — The powerful Church of Greece said Tuesday it would allow the faithful to take part in Orthodox Easter services next week but limit attendance and hold the services earlier in the day to conform with a government-imposed curfew.The decision comes despite Greece reporting a high number of COVID-19 cases and deaths, and as the country's hospitals are struggling to treat unprecedented numbers of intubated patients. Orthodox Easter services were canceled last year, when Greece had much fewer confirmed cases."
310,9,733176,"December 24, 2016",North Carolina,Wilson,2241 Banks Lane East,4,0,https://www.cbs17.com/news/local-news/theres-really-no-words-victims-family-reacts-after-charges-against-wilson-county-murder-suspect-dropped/,"CBS17.comby:Amy CutlerWILSON, N.C. (WNCN) — For more than three years, three families have waited for justice. Their loved ones found dead inside the Wilson County home they shared back on Christmas Eve 2016. Dereck Harris, 31, charged with four counts of murder.They came together Monday morning for the start of Harris’ murder trial only to learn the charges against the suspect would be dropped.“There’s really no words to explain it,” Jessy Taylor said.Taylor and her husband, Troy Starr were in court when prosecutors told the judge their case against Harris wasn’t strong enough to move forward.“There’s not much evidence, no concrete evidence,” Taylor said.Harris was accused of killing Taylor’s mother and brother, Tammy and Shane Pearce along with their significant others, Selby Outland and Nikki Privette. It happened on Banks Lane near Wilson.“I pretty much stopped even celebrating Christmas,” Taylor said. “My mom was an easy-going person. She could make anyone laugh,” she explained.Tammy was a fighter, she’d recently beaten cancer. Taylor still has the last text messages they exchanged.It took the Wilson County Sheriff’s Office almost eight months to arrest Harris. Investigators said Shane owed him money for drugs.“He has maintained his innocence from the very beginning,” Philip Lane, Harris’ attorney said.Lane said his client was relieved.Taylor told CBS 17 she believes they got the right guy.The case was dismissed without prejudice, meaning Harris could be charged again. Taylor said prosecutors assured her investigators would continue to work it until they find the evidence they need to move forward.Taylor said she was cautiously optimistic.More headlines from CBS17.com:Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.WILSON, N.C. (WNCN) - A man turned himself in Tuesday after a man was murdered at a Wilson park Sunday afternoon, police said.David L. Alston, 42, was charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Nicholas J. Ellis, 25. He was given no bond.RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) -- A carjacking at Triangle Town Center left two people injured after the suspect flipped the truck he'd stolen.Michael Firrello said his wife, Heidi, remains in the hospital with three broken ribs. Police confirmed she was in the vehicle when it was stolen.DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) -- Though only through mid-April, Durham has seen just as many people being shot compared to this point in the 2020 year, according to the latest data from Durham police.Through April 17, a total of 63 people have been shot in 210 shootings in 2021."
311,10,732263,"December 23, 2016",Alabama,Birmingham,3813 Richard Arrington Boulevard North,1,3,http://www.al.com/news/birmingham/index.ssf/2016/12/suspect_in_custody_in_birmingh.html,"A suspect is in custody in an early Friday morning shooting at a nightclub that killed one woman and wounded three others, Birmingham police report.Linda Hall, 51, died after being transported to UAB Hospital, according to a press release from Birmingham Police. Three others, who had non-life threatening wounds to their legs and arms also were transported to UAB Hospital for treatment.The shooting happened about 3:30 a.m. in the 3800 block of Richard Arrington Blvd North at the GM Lounge.Officers from the South Precinct responded to the listed location on reports of four people shot, police said.The preliminary investigation by homicide detectives revealed that prior to the shooting, two males were seen circling each other in the night club as if they were going to fight. One of the males pulled out a handgun and began shooting at the other male. All four victims were struck during the shooting. It appeared all the victims were patrons at the club.The shooter fled the scene in a red Ford Mustang. The CRT and NET began actively searching for the suspect.A suspect was arrested and taken into custody four hours later without incident, police report. Official charges pending.Anyone withinformation pertaining to the case is asked to contact the Birmingham Police Department Homicide Unit at 254-1764 or Crime Stoppers at 254-7777.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
312,11,732574,"December 23, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,4900 block of W Hubbard,0,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/4-shot-in-south-austin/,"Filed under:Three 16-year-old boys and an 18-year-old man were shot Friday afternoon in the South Austin neighborhood on the West Side.All four were standing in the street at 4:47 p.m. in the 4900 block of West Hubbard when a dark-colored Jeep drove by and someone inside fired shots, Chicago Police said.The 18-year-old man suffered gunshot wounds to his lower right leg and left arm and was taken to West Suburban Medical Center along with two of 16-year-old boys, police said.A 16-year-old boy suffered a gunshot wound to the left calf and the second suffered a gunshot wound to his left ankle, police said. The third boy was shot in his right shin and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital.Their conditions were stabilized, police said.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
313,12,727759,"December 17, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Roseland),100 block of W 105th St,5,0,https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/woman-dies-10-months-after-roseland-home-invasion-shooting/,"Filed under:A 19-year-old woman who was shot multiple times during a Roseland neighborhood home invasion and shooting that killed four other people last year died Monday.Shakeyah Jackson died at 6:54 p.m. Monday at Oaklawn Respiratory and Rehabilitation Center, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office. An autopsy Tuesday found she died of complications from a gunshot wound to the head, and her death was ruled a homicide.The home invasion was a botched robbery of a drug dealerthat happened Dec. 17, 2016 in the 100 block of West 105th Street, prosecutors said earlier this year.Lionel Parks, 29, visited Elijah Jackson’s home twice that day, chatting with Jackson and smoking marijuana with him, prosecutors said.When he returned a third time that day, Parks and an unnamed friend were armed with handguns and forced their way inside the house, prosecutors said. The pair ordered the occupants to lay facedown on the floor as they ransacked the house for guns and drugs.Before leaving, Parks and the second gunman executed Elijah Jackson; his pregnant sister, Shacora Jackson; Shacora’s 19-year-old daughter, Nateyah Hines; and 46-year-old Scott Thompson.Shakeyah Jackson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and had remained in a coma, prosecutors said. She lived in the home where the shooting occurred.Thompson’s 22-year-old nephew survived by playing dead as he lay on the floor beside his uncle.Parks remains held without bond at the Cook County Jail on four counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, according to court records. He is next scheduled to appear in court Thursday.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
314,13,728286,"December 17, 2016",North Carolina,Charlotte,4115 N. Tryon Street,0,4,http://www.wsoctv.com/news/local/4-shot-2-in-critical-condition-after-report-of-shots-fired-on-n-tryon-street-officials-say/476922908,"CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Charlotte-Mecklenburg police are trying to figure out what led to a shooting that left four teenagers in the hospital late Saturday night in northeast Charlotte.IMAGES: 4 teens shot at Charlotte nightclubOfficers responded to the shooting call around 10:30 p.m. at the Spice Lounge on North Tryon Street, near Sugar Creek Road.Investigators told Channel 9 that when officers arrived at the parking lot of the nightclub, they found four wounded teens.Huge police presence on 4100 block N. Tryon after shooting@wsoctvpic.twitter.com/atAI6GrfxQThe victims’ ages range from 14 to 16 years old.All four were rushed to Carolinas Medical Center. One was being treated for life-threatening injuries and the other three were expected to be OK, officials said.Reporter Elsa Gillis spoke with a manager at the nearby Popeye's, Jonathon Owens, who was working when it happened.""Probably like a group of 100 kids. They came swarming this way, they came to our drive-through,"" Owens said. ""They started swarming like they were about to fight.""Owens told Channel 9 that he and a co-worker went outside and asked them to leave. Moments later, they heard gunshots.""There was a little girl lying right over there on the sidewalk holding her face. You know it was just like pandemonium, kids running around yelling 'This person got shot, that person got shot,'"" he said.Spice Lounge is in a complex with a church, market and beauty shop. Some of the businesses told Channel 9 that this is not the first time the club has had problems, something Owens said has impacted their store.""I guess they throw teen parties over there and whenever they get shut down the teens run up and down Tryon. They spill over into Popeye's and tear up our store,"" Owens said.Detectives told Channel 9 that they have charged a 16-year-old with possession of a firearm by a minor. Officers also charged an unnamed 15-year-old boy with carrying a concealed weapon, possession of a firearm by a minor and shooting in the city limits.Both juveniles were at the Spice Lounge during the shooting, and police said they found a gun inside the 16-year-old's vehicle.Officers told Channel 9 that the 15-year-old admitted to firing a gun into the air after the shooting occurred.some textOfficers have not said what led to the shooting but told Channel 9 that a party was being held at the club when the shots rang out in the parking lot.Detectives are still working to determine the identity of the suspect in the shooting.The owner of Spice Lounge declined to speak on camera because of the ongoing investigation, but said he has security in place at the club and his customers should feel safe.Read more top trending stories onwsoctv.com:"
315,14,727555,"December 16, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,13th and South Kedzie,0,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/4-people-injured-in-humboldt-park-shooting/,"Filed under:Four people were wounded in a shooting Friday afternoon in the North Lawndale neighborhood on the West Side.A 25-year-old man, two 18-year-old men and a 16-year-old boy were walking to the bus stop at 3:49 p.m. in the 1300 block of South Kedzie when they heard shots and felt pain, according to Chicago Police.One of the 18-year-old men was shot in the left arm and the other was shot twice in the groin and three times in the thigh, police said. The 25-year-old man was shot in the right foot and the 16-year-old was shot in the right arm. They were all taken to Mount Sinai Hospital where their conditions were stabilized.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
316,15,727544,"December 16, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,4300 block of South Rockwell,2,2,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-weekend-shootings-violence-20161219-story.html,"Forty people were shot in Chicago over the bitterly cold and snowy weekend, including three attacks in less than 24 hours that each left four or more people wounded.Shootings normally decline when temperatures go down, but not this year in Chicago. At least 80 people were killed in the city in November alone. The deadliest weekend of the year so far was in late October. January started the year with at least 50 homicides.The result has been one of the deadliest years since the 1990s.  The number of homicides this year is more than 750 — about 60 percent higher than over the same period in 2015.  More than 4,230 people have been shot in Chicago this year, about 46 percent higher than this time last year.Among the attacks over the weekend wasa shooting in Fernwoodon the Far South Side where four people were killed and one person was critically wounded, according to police.Investigators believe someone in the home may have been selling drugs. A buyer likely came back to the house Saturday, broke in to rob the place and shot the five people, according to preliminary information from police.Two men and two women were killed. Another woman was hospitalized in critical condition. A 2-year-old child was in the home during the shooting. The child was uninjured but was taken to a nearby hospital for observation.On Friday afternoon on the Southwest Side, someone opened fireoutside a Brighton Park taco standand killed 17-year-old Daniel H. Torres as well as Arturo Zizumbo, a 47-year-old bystander. Two other teens were wounded, one of them critically.Twenty minutes later on the West Side, four more people were shot in Lawndale. Three teenagers and a 25-year-old man were shot in the 1300 block of South Kedzie Avenue and made it to Mount Sinai Hospital, police said.In another shooting, a man was wounded while in a car on the outbound Eisenhower Expressway early Saturday. He went to Rush University Medical Center with a gunshot wound to the knee. State police believe he was shot in the outbound lanes of the expressway between Ashland and Racine avenues.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
317,17,723649,"December 11, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,192 Knickerbocker Ave,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/2-dead-6-wounded-mayhem-bronx-brooklyn-article-1.2907418,"Violence across the Bronx and Brooklyn left a man shot dead, and seven other people wounded in four separate bloody scenes Sunday night.At about 7 p.m., a gunman shot two men, killing one, after an argument on the corner of E. 175th St. and Weeks Ave. in Mt. Hope. — the same intersection where a man and woman were killed in a double murder in July.One man, 41, was shot once in the head and died on the scene.The other, 25, is in critical condition at St. Barnabas Hospital later Sunday night, after the shooter blasted him in the jaw, right eye and back, police sources said.Cops were looking for a Hispanic man in his 30s, wearing a black jacket, who ran east on Weeks, police sources said.""This block is known for violence. When you're raised in an environment of violence, you adapt to it,"" said a friend of one of the victims, who identified himself as Michael Garcia, 31.Garcia described his friend as a ""neighborhood person"" who worked at a Bronx Foot Locker store to raise money for his three children.Police have not yet released either man's name.Back on July 25, a would-be good Samaritan who separated a fight between a man and a woman on the same street corner returned to kill them both because he felt the man was ""disrespecting him,"" police sources said.Cops arrested the alleged shooter, Luis (Crazy Lou) Chacon, 37, on Oct. 28, charging him with killing Yajahira Duvere, 37, and Beramy Garcia, 33.A month earlier, on June 11, a 32-year-old man was shot to death on E 175th St. and Monroe Ave., less than a block away.Shortly after 7:30 p.m., a 21-year-old woman was shot in the leg as she stood at a bus stop on the corner of W. Kingsbridge Rd. and University Ave. in Fordham Manor, cops said.A group of teens sped away in a silver minivan, and police believe the victim had gotten into a fight with them earlier, sources said. Medics took her to Jacobi Hospital. She's expected to survive.In Brooklyn, a fight between two groups of men inside a building on Knickerbocker Ave. near Jefferson St. ended with four men shot just before 6:20 p.m., cops said.Two of the victims -- a 65-year-old man shot in the buttocks and a 26-year-old man shot in the leg -- went to Elmhurst Hospital, cops said.Medics took a third victim, a 32-year-old man shot in the arm, to Kings County Hospital.A fourth victim, 25, showed up at Kings County Hospital, shot in the leg.Police are looking for three men who fled the scene in a gray minivan.Earlier Sunday, a 25-year-old man who tried to claim a parking spot outside the Hells Angels' East Village headquarters sparked a brawl that ended with him being shot in the stomach early Sunday, police sources said. David Martinez moved a traffic cone placed outside the Third St. clubhouse near First Ave. about 1:20 a.m., leading to an ""all-out brawl,"" police sources said.Cops believe the shooter was a ""prospect,"" not a full-fledged member, of the notorious biker group. Martinez, 25, was expected to survive, cops said."
318,19,723292,"December 11, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,3916 South Hanover Street,0,5,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/bs-md-ci-bar-shooting-20161211-story.html,"Five people were injured after a man kicked out of a bar in Baltimore's Brooklyn neighborhood returned and opened fire ""indiscriminately,"" police said.At around 1 a.m., police say the man, armed with a gun, stood in the doorway of Maynard's Cafe at 3916 S. Hanover Street where he began shooting.Police said there had been a ""disagreement,"" and the man was removed from the bar by security. He later returned and ""indiscriminately shot into the bar wounding the victims,"" police said.Three females, ages 21, 32, and 49, and two males, 30 and 42 were injured in the shooting. They were all transported to area hospitals for treatment, police said.Police did not give any additional information about what transpired before the shooting.A manager who answered the phone at the bar Sunday said she wasn't working when the incident happened and the owner wasn't available for comment.Detectives are reviewing all surveillance video from the bar and surrounding area to identify the suspect, who police described as an African-American male with a slim build who was wearing a dark hoodie, dark skull cap and pants.Recommended"
319,22,722452,"December 9, 2016",California,Fresno,842 Fresno Street,0,4,http://abc30.com/news/4-people-shot-at-memorial-service-in-southwest-fresno/1648650/,WATCHLIVE4 people shot at memorial service in Southwest Fresno
320,23,719128,"December 5, 2016",New Mexico,Albuquerque,1532 Stagecoach Lane,4,1,http://www.santafenewmexican.com/news/local_news/police-release-names-of-kids-fatally-shot-in-albuquerque/article_ce527e23-3281-519b-b429-964611e3478b.html,"Candles and stuffed animals left by neighbors rest Wednesday outside an Albuquerque after a deadly shooting. Authorities said George Daniel Wechsler, shot and killed the three children Monday evening as their mother frantically tried to protect them. Wechsle was an Albuquerque native and the brother of one of the stars of ABC’s Revenge television series. Russell Contreras/The Associated PressAngel figurines made by neighbors stand outside an Albuquerque home Wednesday, Dec. 7, 2016, where police say a gunman fatally shot three children and shot their mother before turning the gun on himself. Authorities said George Daniel Wechsler, 45, shot and killed the three children Monday evening as their mother frantically tried to protect them. Wechsle was an Albuquerque native and the brother of one of the stars of ABC's ""Revenge"" television series. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras)Candles and stuffed animals left by neighbors rest Wednesday outside an Albuquerque after a deadly shooting. Authorities said George Daniel Wechsler, shot and killed the three children Monday evening as their mother frantically tried to protect them. Wechsle was an Albuquerque native and the brother of one of the stars of ABC’s Revenge television series. Russell Contreras/The Associated PressAngel figurines made by neighbors stand outside an Albuquerque home Wednesday, Dec. 7, 2016, where police say a gunman fatally shot three children and shot their mother before turning the gun on himself. Authorities said George Daniel Wechsler, 45, shot and killed the three children Monday evening as their mother frantically tried to protect them. Wechsle was an Albuquerque native and the brother of one of the stars of ABC's ""Revenge"" television series. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras)ALBUQUERQUE — Three days after a deadly shooting rocked New Mexico’s largest city, police finally released the names Thursday of the three children who died inside their Albuquerque home as their mother fought to shield them.Investigators said 5-year-old Elijah Mascarenas, 6-year-old Olivia Mascarenas, and 9-year-old Ian Mascarenas died Monday shortly after the mother’s ex-boyfriend unloaded on the family.That former boyfriend, George Daniel Wechsler, 45, later turned the gun on himself.Authorities said Wechsler had briefly dated the 36-year-old mother, Cheryl Mascarenas, who was wounded in the shooting. Mascarenas is listed in critical but stable condition.“Evidence shows the mother fought valiantly to try to save her children and get them out of the house,” Albuquerque police spokeswoman Celina Espinoza said.Police say Cheryl Mascarenas recently broke up with Wechsler and asked him to stop calling. A few days before the shooting, police say Wechsler sought to bring the children Christmas gifts.It’s unclear how long the pair dated before they broke up.Last month, Wechsler was also transported to the hospital and underwent a mental evaluation after threatening to commit suicide, police said. It was not known if that case was connected to the mother’s demand to leave her alone.But Wechsler had a history of stalking and assault.According to court records, Wechsler pleaded no contest in 2003 to misdemeanor stalking and petty misdemeanor assault against a family member. He was also arrested in 2004 for reckless driving, but police say he had no felony record.Since the shooting Monday, Albuquerque police had refused until Thursday to release the victims’ names despite requests from national media outlets.Media outlets in Albuquerque have so far honored Albuquerque police request to withhold the names of the mother and the children.“The Albuquerque Police Department knows the family from the Stagecoach shooting and we as a community [cannot] fathom this unimaginable tragedy,” police said in a statement Wednesday.In a statement, Mascarenas and her former husband, Joshua, thanked Albuquerque police and other agencies for offering support following the shooting.“As the parents, we put our children before anything else in this world,” the pair said in a statement. “While divorced, we have always been a family, raising our children together and actively involved with the daily activities of all three kids.”The former couple then asked for privacy and asked that images of their children not be released.The Facebook pages of both parents are full of photos with her three children.Neighbors and friends have placed angel figurines and stuffed animals outside the Albuquerque home.Log InThank you for joining the conversation on Santafenewmexican.com.
Please familiarize yourself with the community guidelines. Avoid
personal attacks: Lively, vigorous conversation is welcomed and
encouraged, insults, name-calling and other personal attacks are
not. No commercial peddling: Promotions of commercial goods and
services are inappropriate to the purposes of this forum and can be
removed. Respect copyrights: Post citations to sources appropriate
to support your arguments, but refrain from posting entire
copyrighted pieces. Be yourself: Accounts suspected of using fake
identities can be removed from the forum.AdvertisementSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
321,24,717873,"December 3, 2016",California,Los Angeles,91st Street and Western Avenue,0,6,http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-wake-shooting-20161203-story.html,"Five people were shot Saturday afternoon at a wake in South Los Angeles, authorities reported.A fight broke out about 3:30 p.m. during the wake, which was held at a storefront near the intersection of West 91st Street and Western Avenue, said Los Angeles Police Sgt. Thomas Bojorquez.According to police, a man left the gathering, returned with a rifle and began shooting into the storefront. Some people inside the building may have returned fire, Bojorquez said.Police suspect the motive for the shooting was gang-related because numerous gang members attended the wake, which was held for a person who died of natural causes.Bojorquez said all five people were taken to local hospitals for non-life threatening injuries and all were in stable condition Saturday night. Police are investigating.ben.poston@latimes.comFollow@bpostonon Twitter.ALSOSlaying of beloved USC professor leaves colleagues and friends crestfallenUp to 40 feared dead in fire during concert at Oakland warehouseSammy Lee, diver who became first Asian American to win Olympic medal, dies at 96The perils of parenting through a pandemicWhat’s going on with school? What do kids need? Get 8 to 3, a newsletter dedicated to the questions that keep California families up at night.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Follow UsBen Poston is an investigative reporter specializing in data at the Los Angeles Times.Subscribers Are ReadingCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCCaliforniaNow the tables are turned and students get to accept or reject colleges such as UCLA and USCAccepted students are in the power position this month as competitive colleges try to impress them to say yes in a year of record applications to the University of California and other elite schools.More CoverageCompany TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’Company TownFormer HFPA president faces a backlash over email calling Black Lives Matter a ‘hate movement’The email lands at a sensitive time for the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn., which has come under pressure for not having any Black members as well as allegations of ethical and financial lapses raised in a Times investigation.Housing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planHousing & HomelessnessL.A. plans nearly $1 billion in spending to address homelessness under Garcetti planThe mayor’s proposed budget, set for release Tuesday, comes at a moment of heightened frustration over the city’s handling of homelessness.Entertainment & ArtsFeeling the chill, Demi Lovato apologizes for blasting an L.A. frozen-yogurt shopEntertainment & ArtsFeeling the chill, Demi Lovato apologizes for blasting an L.A. frozen-yogurt shopSinger Demi Lovato slammed L.A. fro-yo shop the Bigg Chill for what she called promoting toxic diet culture. The store, and its many fans, hit back.Coronavirus, Vaccines and PandemicWorld & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19World & NationU.S. warns against travel to 80% of the world due to COVID-19The State Department is urging Americans not to travel to most places overseas because of the risks from the COVID-19 pandemic.CaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesCaliforniaSanta Barbara County among 5 joining orange tier as California’s reopening continuesWith five new additions, 38 of California’s 58 counties are now in the orange tier. Three are in the final yellow tier, 17 remain in the red tier.More CoverageCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterCaliforniaCOVID-19 vaccination clinics open at Metrolink train stations in Palmdale, LancasterNew COVID-19 vaccination clinics at the Palmdale and Lancaster Metrolink stations will offer free shots with no appointments required.ArchivesTracking reopeningsArchivesTracking reopeningsLatest on vaccines and pandemicLatest on vaccines and pandemicCoronavirus and COVID-19 pandemic and health news.Latest CaliforniaHousing & HomelessnessJudge orders L.A. city and county to provide shelter for everyone on skid row by fallHousing & HomelessnessJudge orders L.A. city and county to provide shelter for everyone on skid row by fallA federal judge has ordered the city and county of Los Angeles to offer some form of shelter to skid row’s entire homeless population by October.CaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesCaliforniaLAPD halts use of some projectile weapons at protests in court win for BLM Los AngelesThe LAPD issues a moratorium on using certain projectile weapons at protests after a federal judge rules for Black Lives Matter L.A. and other groups.MusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againMusicFor young shredders at School of Rock, it’s finally time to melt faces againStarting in May, School of Rock students have the option to return to live learning. “I miss playing on stage with my band,” says 12-year-old Daniel.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.California$1,000 a month with no strings attached: Guaranteed basic income could be coming to L.A.Mayor Eric Garcetti included a $24-million Basic Income Guaranteed program in his city budget to be released Tuesday.CaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationCaliforniaU.S. West prepares for a first-ever water shortage declarationU.S. water officials are projecting that man-made lakes will fall to historically low levels and trigger an official shortage declaration for the first time.Subscribe for unlimited accessFollow Us"
322,25,717616,"December 2, 2016",New Jersey,Bloomfield,3 1st Ave,0,6,http://www.nj.com/essex/index.ssf/2016/12/at_least_30_shots_fired_in_attack_that_wounded_6_a.html,"Gallery: Bloomfield police investigate gunfireBLOOMFIELD-- The lounge wheresix people were shothas been temporarily shut down after inspectors found various code violations, officials said Tuesday.Bloomfield police, working with colleagues from Newark, were making progress in the ""very active investigation"" into the gunfire late Friday at Sports in the City Lounge on First Avenue, according to township Police Director Samuel DeMaio.The six people wounded in the gunfire -- residents of Newark, East Orange and Roselle -- were all treated for non life-threatening injuries, he said.DeMaio said investigators believe the shooting was targeted at someone attending an event at the lounge, but declined to comment in detail on a motive for the attack. Ballistics evidence showed three guns were used in the shooting, which occurred as 30 to 40 people were inside the business located near the Newark-Bloomfield line.A tipster reported someone was seen putting a gun in a vehicle at the shooting scene, according to DeMaio, who said police obtained a search warrant for the car. That search netted 12 bricks of heroin packaged for distribution and .357 handgun that was not used in the shooting.Officials also conducted an inspection at the business, where they found fire and health code violations, DeMaio added. The business was ordered closed ahead of a court hearing.Before the shooting there was no extensive history of police calls at the business, which allows patrons to bring their own alcohol, but does not serve the drinks, according to the police director.DeMaio said no one has been able to provide detectives with a description of the shooters or any suspect vehicles. Police initially reported there were five shooting victims, but later learned another person was grazed in the arm.A portion of the shooting wascaptured in a videoshared on the Facebook page of Toni Byrd, a Brooklyn-based comedian who was performing at Sports in the City.(Warning: this unedited video contains profanity)""I was headlining comedy show tonight in Bloomfield NJ. And bullets started flying..I mean they shot the spot up,"" Byrd said in a Facebook post. ""I'm so grateful because a few bullets pass by me. I was able to get on the floor and make it in the back room.""In a statement on Facebook, Sports in the City responded to ""negative views"" about the establishment and news coverage of the shooting.""We welcomed everyone with a smile, great food, & a good time. Our hearts are very apologetic to those harmed,"" the statement added. ""Ask those who came there for a good laugh, a bite to eat, or to watch their teams play. Everyone was treated as family once entering the business.""Crime Stoppers has offered a $5,000 reward for any information about the shooting that leads to an arrest. Anyone with information can call 973-680-4090.Noah Cohen may be reached atncohen@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter@noahyc.Find NJ.com on Facebook.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
323,26,716001,"December 1, 2016",California,Clearlake Oaks,,1,3,http://www.pressdemocrat.com/news/6384843-181/lake-county-shooting-attack-takes?artslide=0,"https://www.gofundme.com/ah-support-for-the-jones-family.A 24-year-old man is to appear in court Monday to face murder and other criminal charges in connection with a ruthless attack on a Lake County family who reportedly stood in the way of his effort to terrorize the estranged mother of his children.Friends, family and authorities say Ezekial “Junior” Bravo was armed with a shotgun when he forced his way into the family’s home at the tiny Elem Indian Colony near Clearlake Oaks and began shooting early Thursday morning, killing 46-year-old Theresa Brown and injuring three other family members, including Brown’s 6-year-old daughter.A family friend has started afundraising campaignto help defray medical and other costs related to the loss of Brown, a vibrant, well-loved mother of five children, ages 6 to 27.Deya Ammar, the close friend, said the family was grieving the death of Brown’s mother right before Thanksgiving. The bloodshed Thursday has added to their pain. Lake County sheriff’s Lt. Corey Paulich said Bravo refused to give authorities a statement in the wake of the incident.But it appears Bravo was looking for a woman described as his wife - it wasn’t clear Friday if they were legally married - when he arrived at her mother’s home around 2:16 a.m. Thursday, angered by the younger woman’s recent decision to end their three-year relationship and seek full custody of two young children, neither of whom was present when the shooting occurred, family members and friends said.The woman often sought refuge at her mother’s house during what family members said was an abusive relationship, so Bravo had reason to think she would be there.But Brown, her aunt, and the young woman’s mother, Stephanie Brown, had her hide under a bed and stay there after Bravo burst in. She escaped the shooting unharmed. Authorities did not provide the woman’s name.Bravo shot Theresa Brown in the face, spraying buckshot that struck her 6-year-old daughter, who reportedly used her slain mom’s cellphone to call her older brother for help, Ammar said.Stephanie Brown and her husband, Robert Brown, also suffered gunshot wounds. Robert Brown lost a large chunk of his forearm, and his wife was hurt in the shoulder, then forced outside and into Bravo’s van, though she drove away and escaped when he went back inside.When Bravo returned, he left the area in one of the victim’s cars, though he soon abandoned it outside the rancheria.He eluded authorities in the initial hours after the gunfire, during a search that included help from the Sonoma County sheriff’s helicopter crew. Someone at a local elementary school saw a public alert that included Bravo’s photo and told authorities that he was on the campus later Thursday morning.Paulich said it was possible he was trying to visit a family member who attends Pomo Elementary School, though it was not clear.Bravo was arrested without incident and was being held on ?$1 million bail.Chief Deputy District Attorney Richard Hinchcliff said Bravo would be arraigned at 3 p.m. Monday in the county courthouse at Lakeport.The youngest victim suffered a broken arm and had pellets throughout her arm. She had surgery on Thursday and was being released from the hospital on Friday, Ammar said. Both of the injured adults also were reportedly in stable condition.You can reach Staff Writer Mary Callahan at 707-521-5249 or mary.callahan@pressdemocrat.com.https://www.gofundme.com/ah-support-for-the-jones-family.UPDATED: Please read and follow our commenting policy:"
324,27,715101,"November 30, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,2901 Garrison Blvd,2,4,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/bs-md-ci-shooting-suspect-20161212-story.html,"Warning: This video contains graphic content. The victims were shot about 6 p.m. as they were standing in front of a Stop 1 convenience store near the busy area of Duvall Avenue and Garrison Boulevard. Police believe there was just one gunman, who ran away along Edgewood Street.Baltimore police announced Monday the arrest of a man they believe shot six people — two fatally — outside a convenience store in Northwest Baltimore at the end of November.Damon Dwight Alexander was arrested by Warrant Apprehension Task Force officers Monday morning while sleeping on a couch at a relative's home, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said at a news conference. Police said Alexander, 27, is a member of the Black Guerrilla Family gang.The arrest comes as the city is on the verge of reaching the 300-homicide mark for the second straight year, but only the second time since the 1990s. As of Monday, there had been 299 killings in Baltimore.Alexander's arrest came partly as a result of tips, which Davis heralded as another sign that police are strengthening relationships with the community after last year's unrest over the arrest and death of Freddie Gray. In recent days, Davis said, five people suspected of violent crimes have been identified through tips; two were restrained by residents so police could arrest them.""The last couple of weeks, we've done really, really well, the community has done really well working with us to get tips to identify these shooters and tell us where they are,"" Davis said.The shooting Nov. 30 outside the Stop 1 Food Store in the 2900 block of Garrison Blvd. was caught on the store's surveillance video. The video showed a man in a dark hoodie walking up to a group of men standing outside the store and firing a handgun repeatedly. He stood over one of the fallen victims and shot the man until he ran out of ammunition.Police called the shooting a brazen execution. While the suspect couldn't be clearly identified from the video footage, detectives were able to focus on the shooter's left hand, which was curled in an unnatural way. Detectives speculated that the man might have a deformity or injury, and they asked the public for help in identifying him.After Alexander's arrest, police said that the curling his hand in that fashion was a ""nervous tic,"" according to police spokesman T.J. Smith.Police said they believe Alexander was aiming to kill four of the six people who were shot, and that the shooting is connected to a previous incident in the area. Three shootings that took the lives of five people have occurred in a half-mile area surrounding the Stop 1 store since Nov. 15.At the time of the crime, Davis said Alexander was on probation for felony theft and for possession of a stolen, regulated firearm. Smith called the shooting ""brutal"" and calculated.""This is a gruesome murder that we captured on film,"" Smith said. ""As he shot at his targets, he made sure they were down before he went back to empty his gun in the person he wanted to kill.""Alexander faces two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder, four counts of attempted first- and second-degree murder, six counts of first- and second-degree assault, and five counts of reckless endangerment. He also faces a number of firearms charges.Police say Alexander was found on the couch of a relative's home in the 2800 block of Westwood Ave. Alexander had no lawyer listed in court records, and relatives could not be reached.The four people who were wounded in the shooting have been released from the hospital, including a man who had been in critical condition, police said.The two victims killed in the shooting were identified as Davon Dozier, 23, and Troy Smothers, 29, who lived near each other on a nearby street, court records showed.Killings in Baltimore are slightly down this year compared with last year, when 344 were killed, but remain higher in than any year since the 1990s.""We know we have this number 300 in our city implanted in our heads and that number of 300 is unacceptable,"" Davis said. ""The victims in the case are not … numbers 288 and 289. Their names are Davon Dozier and Troy Smothers. They have families, they have friends, they have loved ones who are still grieving their loss.""Also Monday, police identified the three most recent victims of violence in the city: Keith Ramsey, 32, who was killed Friday in the 2600 block of Greenmount Ave. in North Baltimore; Gregory Riddick, 26, who was killed Saturday in the 2600 block of Harford Road in Northeast Baltimore; and Ricardo Grimes, 37, who was killed Saturday in the 1100 block of Curtain Ave. in East Baltimore.Baltimore is enduring a spike in homicide numbers that also has affected several other major U.S. cities, including Chicago, Davis said. Getting the community to help police identify killers could help stem the tide, and Davis said he is seeing signs of progress.Police have closed 37 percent of homicide cases this year. Last year, the homicide closure rate was 30 percent.""The clearance rate is a really big concern for me and our city,"" Davis said.Witnesses don't cooperate with police for a variety of reasons, including fear of retaliation, prior poor experiences with law enforcement and negative perceptions of police. But, Davis said, Baltimore also has problems with gangs and neighborhood crews being uncooperative because they want to take retribution.""When they do it outside and they do it in a public space and when they do it in broad daylight, there's a decision they've made to do it and risk identification,"" Davis said. ""They're willing to risk identification because they know that the chances of someone stepping up and identifying them are historically, traditionally slim. And that's something we are trying to change in the city of Baltimore.""Police continue to look for two suspects in the death of Tayvon Rashard Cokley, 23, on Dec. 5 in the 100 block of N. Eutaw St. He was killed about 1 p.m. in front of several people downtown. The suspects have been identified as Derrick Charles Jackson Jr. and Vincent Jamar Barefoot, both 24.Police asked anyone with information about the shooting or the suspects to call 911 or Metro Crime Stoppers of Maryland at 1-866-7LOCKUP.jgeorge@baltsun.comtwitter.com/justingeorgeRecommended"
325,29,712776,"November 28, 2016",California,Wilmington,1067 McDonald Avenue,0,4,http://ktla.com/2016/11/28/3-people-injured-in-wilmington-shooting-lapd/,"KTLAby:Cindy Von Quednow,Jennifer GouldTwo men and two women were injured a shooting at a Wilmington party early Monday, officials said.The incident was reported about 12:40 a.m. in the 1000 block of North McDonald Avenue, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.Two women and a man were taken to a hospital by ambulance and another man later arrived at the hospital.One woman victim was undergoing surgery after the shooting and the two men and the other female were in stable condition, Sgt. James Doull told KTLA.He added that a small party was being held at a house in the area when a white sedan pulled up to the house when a male got out of the car, opened fire and drove off.It is unclear if more people were in the car at the time and the motive is also unknown.KTLA’s Alberto Mendez contributed to this story.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access."
326,30,713445,"November 28, 2016",California,San Pedro,300 block of West 2nd Street,0,4,http://abc7.com/news/4-wounded-in-san-pedro-shooting-police-say/1629869/,WATCHVIDEOSPolice investigate the scene in San Pedro where four people were wounded in a shooting.
327,31,711597,"November 27, 2016",Louisiana,New Orleans,100 block of Bourbon Street,1,9,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2017/04/lafayette_men_indicted_in_nove.html#incart_river_index,"Jordan Clay Travon Manuel 021517.jpgFrom left, Lafayette's Jordan Clay, 21, and Travon Manuel, 20, were indicted March 31 with one count each of second-degree murder, attempted second-degree murder, obstruction of justice and illegal carrying of weapons in connection with a Bourbon Street gunfight that left bystander Demontris Toliver dead and nine others injured on Nov. 27, 2016.(Courtesy of Orleans Parish Sheriff's Office)Two Lafayette men accused of starting a gunfight that left one dead and nine injured on Bourbon Street last November have been indicted for murder by an Orleans Parish grand jury.Court records show Jordan Clay, 21, and Travon Manuel, 20, each were charged with second-degree murder, attempted second-degree murder, obstruction of justice and the illegal carrying of weapons in a grand jury indictment handed up March 30. Criminal District Court Judge Paul Bonin increased the bond amount for each jailed defendant from $1.375 million to $1.75 million after the indictments were read.The defendants are scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday before Criminal District Court Judge Camille Buras, who will handle the case going forward.New Orleans police said Baton Rouge tattoo artist Demontris Toliver was killed and nine others injured in the gunfire that erupted around 1:40 a.m. on Nov. 27 in the 100 block of Bourbon Street. Authorities said Toliver, 25, was an innocent bystander to the shooting that rocked the French Quarter during the crowded Bayou Classic weekend.The indictment names the nine other shooting victims, but groups them together as one victim in the attempted murder count.NOPD homicide detective Barret Morton, the lead investigator on the case, testified at a hearing in February that both defendants made statements claiming to have fired in self-defense, accusing each other of shooting first.Morton said his investigation has determined the two men had been engaged in ""an ongoing feud"" stemming from an earlier dispute involving a woman with whom each man had been romantically linked. The result, Morton said, was a fistfight last year in a Lafayette park that ended with Clay knocking Manuel out with a single punch, an embarrassing outcome captured on cellphone video that went viral in the defendants' hometown.""Mr. Clay gave us information about an ongoing feud,"" Morton testified. ""He said Tiki (Manuel's nickname) was knocked out and it was shown on social media and was a big deal in Lafayette. He said that since then, Tiki wanted to continue or resolve the fight.""Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
328,32,711744,"November 27, 2016",Missouri,Kansas City,Gregory and Prospect,0,7,http://fox4kc.com/2016/11/27/groups-open-fire-on-each-other-leaving-seven-people-shot-in-kansas-city/,"FOX 4 Kansas City WDAF-TV | News, Weather, Sportsby:FOX 4 NewsroomKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City Police spokesperson Stacy Graves released information Sunday morning about a shootout at Gregory and Prospect, in which seven people total were shot.This is directly from Graves: Officers were called to Gregory & Prospect on the sound of shots. Upon arrival, officers observed suspects actively shooting at each other. Fearing for their safety, one officer fired shots. Due to the gunfire, three vehicles were involved in an accident. While securing the scene, officers heard numerous shots fired in their immediate area, for several minutes. Officers observed vehicles near the initial scene involved in a mobile disturbance firing shots. Due to continuous gunfire and an active scene, a City-Wide assist the officer was broadcast. Law enforcement from numerous surrounding agencies responded and assisted with the incident. The incident spans from 70th to 72nd streets, Prospect to Brooklyn.No officers were injured during the incident. At this time one suspect stated he was shot by police and was treated for minor injuries. Six (later upgraded to seven) victims responded to local hospitals with gunshot wounds. One victim is listed in critical condition, other victims have non-life threatening injuries.FOX 4 will continue coverage on this all day Sunday and next week on all platforms: FOX 4 newscasts, fox4kc.com website and app and our social pages, Facebook and Twitter. Check back for what our reporters find out.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Missouri River is more than 2,300 miles long. American Rivers, an environmental conservation organization group, said the lower half of the river is one of the most endangered rivers in the country. It sits at number two on the group's annual list, the same ranking it received in 2020.The group cites climate change and poor flood management as the major threats. Dams in the upper part of the river and the extensive levee system built along its banks are causes for the river's problems. Levees have been breeched countless times in recent years, flooding farmland and threatening communities along the river. The extensive flooding has caused billions of dollars in damages.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
329,34,710467,"November 25, 2016",Louisiana,New Orleans,Magnolia St and Felicity St,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/12/central_city_homicide_victim_s.html#incart_river_index,"The man shot to death in Central City Wednesday afternoon (Dec. 21) had been wounded by gunfire three other times, his mother said, including a November quadruple shooting a block from where he was killed.Lynette Dowell identified the victim of Wednesday's homicide as her son Kareem Dowell, 25. His body was found before 1 p.m., lying in the2700 block of St. Andrew Streetnext to the wheelchair his mother said he had been confined to since his leg was amputated following an August 2012 shooting.Dowell said her son, the father of two boys ages 7 and 3, also survived shootings in August and November of this year. The latter shooting, which wounded three others, took place at Magnolia and Felicity streets - a block from where Kareem Dowell was killed.Kareem Dowell's brother was also at the scene of Wednesday's shooting, but declined to be interviewed. The victim's brother, however, identified his brother as the man photographed being taken by stretcher from that quadruple shooting. Kareem Dowell's uncle sat, head in hands, on a stoop on Clara Street near the yellow police tape that stretched across St. Andrew. Investigators placed at least six green evidence cones on the ground, three around his wheelchair and one next to where black screens had been placed to shield his body from public view.""He's gone! He's gone!"" Lynette Dowell screamed before breaking down in tears.Kareem Dowell's uncle, who asked not be identified by name, said Kareem Dowell is the second son his sister has lost to gun violence. He said her eldest son Arthur Dowell -- Kareem Dowell's brother -- was shot to death in 2007.Times-Picayune archives show Arthur Dowell was gunned down while on a bicycle May 25, 2007, at Second and South Miro streets, also in Central City. Arthur Dowell was 18 when he was shot to death.Kareem Dowell's uncle said his nephew was ""a damn good daddy"" to his sons. He said people in the neighborhood enjoyed seeing his nephew ""riding them two boys on his lap in that damn wheelchair.""As the Orleans Parish Coroner's Office worked with police to move his nephew's body off the street just before 3 p.m., Kareem Dowell's uncle talked about how his nephew used to wheel himself in his chair to pick up his sons from school.""How you going to explain that to them children?"" Kareem Dowell's uncle said.Correction: An earlier version of this story gave an incorrect age for Kareem Dowell. He was 25, according to the Orleans Parish Coroner's Office.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
330,35,709370,"November 24, 2016",Kentucky,Louisville,4501 W Broadway,2,4,http://www.wave3.com/story/34091842/lmpd-1-juice-bowl-homicide-case-closed,"LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Police have closed one of those two homicide cases after gunfire killed two people and left five others wounded during the Juice Bowl on Thanksgiving Day at Shawnee Park.According to Louisville Metro police, ballistics testing showed Billy McKee, one of the men who died, was shot by the other man who died, Michael Carter.Investigators believe Carter was the first to pull a weapon, but are not releasing any additional information.PREVIOUS STORIES+Victims killed in shooting incident at Shawnee Park identified; 5 others hurt+RAW VIDEO: Facebook Live records 19 gunshots during deadly incident at park+Several people shot during Thanksgiving Day football game+IMAGES: Mass shooting at Shawnee ParkLMPD Lt. Emily McKinley said, ""I'm not going to get into details again why the fight happened or what the fight about, we've heard several different versions of that. It's best that we let people come forward. We have some other interviews we need to do and we need to, you know, get those details from them.""Police believe Carter's killer is still at large.Witnesses said one of the five wounded people was also shot by Carter. Officers said there was at least one other shooter and have not determined who shot the other four survivors.Copyright 2016WAVE 3 News.All rights reserved.725 S. Floyd StreetLouisville, KY 40203(502) 585-2201A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
331,37,708777,"November 23, 2016",Mississippi,Olive Branch,928 Cross Road,0,4,http://www.localmemphis.com/news/local-news/suspect-arrested-after-four-shot-in-desoto-county,"The DeSoto County Sheriff’s Department is investigating a shooting that injured four people Wednesday night.It happened at a home at 928 Cross Road in Olive Branch, Mississippi.All four victims were treated for injuries. Their identities have not being released.Deputies arrested Keatron Walls of Walls, Mississippi. he is charged with four counts of aggravated assault and one count of shooting into an occupied dwelling.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
332,38,708392,"November 22, 2016",Florida,Clewiston,1068 Harlem Academy Ave,1,4,http://www.fox4now.com/news/4-in-your-corner/arrest-made-in-hendry-county-murder,"MenuCLEWISTON, Fla. --  Hendry County Sheriff's Deputies have arrested a 20-year-old for murdering a man in Clewiston.Johan Holder was arrested and charged with Premeditated murder.Anthony Holder was found lying on the ground in the Harlem Gardens community with a gunshot wound on November 22nd.  He would late die.Anthony and Johan aren't related.Johan Holder is in the Hendry County jail without bond."
333,40,703245,"November 17, 2016",Tennessee,Dyersburg,160 Longfellow,1,7,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/33744655/man-arrested-in-birthday-party-mass-shooting,"DYERSBURG, TN (WMC) - A man is charged with first-degree murder in the shooting that killed a woman and injured seven others at a birthday party Thursday.The shootinghappened in Dyersburg, TN, just after 6 p.m.Shanice Amerson, 21, was throwing a outdoor birthday party for her son when a man walked up from the street and opened fire on the crowd.Amerson was killed and a 6-year-old boy was taken to Le Bonheur Children's Hospital with multiple gunshot wounds. Lakisha Rollin, 38, is in the hospital being treated for her injuries. Five others, Mazie Jacobs, 37, Diley McVay, 32, Charles Jackson, 23, Latonia Hunt, 22, and a 12-year-old boy, were treated for injuries and released.Amerson's friend Sharaven Clinton is still in disbelief that her friend is gone.""I cried coming down this street,"" Clinton said. ""I sat on the porch, looked around.""She looked at all the birthday decorations on the porch--decorations that were supposed to be for a happy event that turned tragic.They're decorations that remind Clinton that a 2-year-old is now left without his mother.""He don't know what's happening. He don't even know that his momma gone,"" Clinton said.Family members from out of state came to help console Amerson's mother and mourn the loss of the 21-year-old.""I ain't going to say she's gone. She's going to always be on my side,"" Clinton said.""Because as of right now, my nieces and nephews don't have a mother. And we're going to make sure, if possible, they are well taken care of,"" Jones said.""Thanksgiving is right around the corner, and nobody suspected to be having this type of tragedy at this time of the month,"" family member Rosevelt Jones said. ""I know it's going to be hard. It's going to be hard for us to do that. At this moment in time, we're not going to go out for no retaliation on nobody. We're going to stand up as a family, as a whole, and we're going to get through this.""Dyersburg Police Chief Steve Isbell said law enforcement had been called to the house earlier in the afternoon.""Officers did respond to the same residence earlier in the day, around 4:15 p.m., in reference to a disturbance where weapons were involved. Responding officers were advised by residents that a white vehicle with multiple occupants had just left the scene and that one of the subjects was armed with a handgun,"" Chief Isbell said. ""Officers did locate the suspect's vehicle a short time later and were granted consent to search. No weapons were located and only one of the original suspects was present at that time. This incident does remain under investigation.""One of the men believed to be in that white vehicle is Torius Russell, who is now charged with first-degree murder. Russell was arrested around 3 a.m. on Friday. Investigators believe he went back to the birthday party a few hours later and started shooting.""We feel comfortable, based on the progress of last night's investigation by our detectives and multiple interviews, that the person of interest is the only individual who was involved in the actual shooting event,"" Isbell said. ""Barring any further developments, the Dyersburg Police Department does not foresee any additional people being charged in this incident.""City leaders and community members alike are devastated that this type of violence happened in their community.""We are sad for what occurred in our community last night. This is not normal for our town. I give all the credit to the police department who worked through the night to develop a suspect then make an arrest at 3 a.m. We as a community must come together and pick back up and support one another during this tragic time,"" Dyersburg Mayor John Holden said.""I just want to express also our sincere concern for the families affected. Obviously, any time we have violence that occurs in the community, it's alarming. When you have children involved, it's very disturbing,"" Isbell said. ""It started out as a celebration for a 2-year-old child's birthday and now this child will celebrate no more birthdays with his mother and that's something that should be upsetting to us all.""Chief Isbell said Dyersburg Police Department is not prepared to discuss a possible motive for the shooting.""This is still an active investigation even with the arrest of Russell,"" he explained. ""There is still a lot of work to be done on this and to try to connect the dots. At this time, we are not in position to discuss a possible motive.""Russell was arraigned Friday and remains in jail on a $2.5 million bond. He is scheduled to appear in court again on November 28.Survivors speakThe 6-year-old boy who is recovering at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital thanked everyone for their prayers in a video his family posted to Facebook.The boy is doing already after he was airlifted to Regional Medical Center from Dyersburg. When he arrived, they discovered how serious his gunshot wounds were, and he was taken to Le Bonheur for emergency surgery.He is one of several children who were in the line of fire Thursday night.One parent said his child is alive because a man at that party shielded the little girl as bullets flew.Antoine Ware's two small daughters are best friends with Shanice Amerson's two children. He said his two girls were at the party when the shooter opened fire.""Not even two minutes after my babies walked out of the house, I heard gunfire and I come running from my house and up to the front of their house,"" Ware said. ""When I found my kids, got them from out the back door. Got them home safely and came back over. I found out she was hit and laying in the front.""""Actually her uncle or brother or one of the two had actually saved my baby's life,"" Antoine Ware, family friend, said. ""He jumped on the porch and throw my baby on-off the porch and landed on top of her.""Ware's two small daughters were best friends with Amerson's two children.Latonia Hunt was standing behind her close friend Shanice when the man opened fire.""We were over here enjoying ourselves at Kymarie's birthday party, and we were all dancing on the porch... and she was standing in front of me,"" Hunt said.She survived, and six others survived, but Amerson did not.""They started shooting. Everybody, basically everybody on the porch got hit,"" Hunt said.Latonia was shot in the leg and now has to walk with crutches, but she is expected to be OK. She said the pain she feels is not physical, but overwhelmingly emotional for her lost friend.""She didn't do nothing to nobody,"" Hunt said. ""She didn't deserve it and neither did her kids deserve it neither.""While he mourns the loss of a friend, he is grateful that his daughters were saved.""I thank God every day. I thank God that my babies didn't get hurt.""Despite the cold rain falling Friday night, Amerson's family and friends gathered to hold a vigil and remember the young mother who lost her life. The vigil was held at the home where Amerson was celebrating her child's birthday when gunshots rang out.Now, they have a message. They want gun violence to end.""Put these guns down and stop the violence,"" Roosevelt Jones said. ""Stop the violence. Please stop the violence.""""This young lady has died and left behind two children, two young children,"" Jones said. ""They don't have a mother now. So we got to stop.""But, Jones also had a message for the one who pulled the trigger.""To the young man who did this shooting, if you are watching this today, I have no grudges against you,"" Jones said. ""But, what I ask you is to go to God and ask for your forgiveness.""As tears flowed, Amerson's loved ones held on to each other for comfort. They also released balloons at the very site where Amerson's life came to an end.Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
334,42,699332,"November 13, 2016",Texas,San Antonio,8000 Midcrown,0,4,http://www.ksat.com/news/four-shot-at-north-east-side-party-1,"Alyssa Medina, ProducerAlyssa Medina, ProducerSAN ANTONIO– Four people were shot at a party Sunday morning on San Antonio's Northeast Side.According to San Antonio police, two men fired shots at an apartment in the 8000 block of Midcrown Drive.Police said a party was going on inside and four people were struck by bullets.Windcrest police stopped a vehicle on Walzem Road matching a description from the scene. Police said a woman inside the vehicle was shot in the back. She was then taken to San Antonio Military Medical Center in critical condition.Police said three other victims drove themselves to Northeast Methodist Hospital in Live Oak.None of the victims haven given police a description of the shooters.Copyright 2016 by KSAT - All rights reserved.Alyssa Medina has worked at KSAT since 2016 and is the  Video on demand producer. She creates exclusive content for the KSAT-TV streaming app. Some of her most notable contributions focus on race and culture or health and wellness. She's created the segments 'Creating Black History in S.A.' and 'New Week. New You.""If you need help with the Public File, call 210-351-1241."
335,43,700232,"November 13, 2016",California,San Diego,3800 block of Marlborough Avenue,3,2,http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/public-safety/sd-me-heights-folo-20161116-story.html,"Public SafetyElectrical fire displaces three residents in Otay Mesa WestPublic SafetyElectrical fire displaces three residents in Otay Mesa WestSan Diego Fire-Rescue Department officials said the damage was pegged at $17,500Public SafetyPolice looking for hit-and-run driver who struck, seriously injured bicyclist in Pacific BeachPublic SafetyPolice looking for hit-and-run driver who struck, seriously injured bicyclist in Pacific BeachThe collision happened shortly after 10:20 p.m. on Ingraham Street near Fortuna Avenue, south of Grand AvenueNation-WorldJohnson & Johnson shot’s benefits outweigh risk of rare clots, E.U. saysNation-WorldJohnson & Johnson shot’s benefits outweigh risk of rare clots, E.U. saysBlood clots should be listed as very rare side effects of the vaccine, an EU agency saidPublic SafetyInvestigation underway after woman’s body found floating near CoronadoPublic SafetyInvestigation underway after woman’s body found floating near CoronadoThe Medical Examiner’s Office will try to determine the cause of death of the 68-year-old womanNational EntertainmentTed Nugent, who once dismissed COVID-19, sickened by virusNational EntertainmentTed Nugent, who once dismissed COVID-19, sickened by virusRocker Ted Nugent is revealing he was in agony after testing positive for coronavirus — months after he said the virus was “not a real pandemic”Visual ArtsNew mural at Bread & Salt brings public awareness about coronavirusVisual ArtsNew mural at Bread & Salt brings public awareness about coronavirusTatiana Ortiz Rubio’s ‘Stop the Spread’ is part of a statewide public awareness campaign that aims to remind people to stay diligent in reducing the spread of COVID-19TheaterReview: Blindspot’s ‘Lit’ is charming, creative musical for kidsTheaterReview: Blindspot’s ‘Lit’ is charming, creative musical for kidsThe world premiere show is now streaming through May 16News for CaregiversTax time: Filing tips for family caregiversNews for CaregiversTax time: Filing tips for family caregiversAn expert shares advice on who qualifies, and what’s allowed by the Internal Revenue ServiceColumnsColumn: Law enforcement leaders responded to the U-T’s racial disparities project. They missed the pointColumnsColumn: Law enforcement leaders responded to the U-T’s racial disparities project. They missed the pointSome of their criticisms have merit, others don’t, but the larger issue isn’t about disparity dataPublic SafetyFrom Convoy District to Mira Mesa, San Diego police respond to anti-Asian hate with support for businessesPublic SafetyFrom Convoy District to Mira Mesa, San Diego police respond to anti-Asian hate with support for businessesSan Diego police check on businesses, share information about how to report hate crimesSDPD Capt. Brian Ahearn discloses details of the officer-involved shooting of an armed suspect in City Heights.The man killed by a San Diego police officer in City Heights Sunday night after he shot his ex-wife and mortally wounded her parents had a restraining order filed against him this year, according to court records.Juan Carlos Fernandez is accused of shooting Isabel Gonzalez, 21, and three members of her family in the courtyard of their apartment complex on Marlborough Avenue south of University Avenue.San Diego police Capt. Brian Ahearn said on Wednesday it’s unclear why Fernandez went there about 9:15 p.m. Sunday, but investigators believe he got into a fistfight with his ex-wife’s boyfriend over the pair’s relationship.After the fight, police said Fernandez went to his car and got a handgun, chased the boyfriend away and then returned to the apartment complex and opened fire.Gonzalez and her 67-year-old grandfather were wounded. Her parents, Reyna Gonzalez, 42, and Julian Gonzalez, 45, were killed. The mother died Sunday, and the father died Wednesday morning, Ahearn said.The mother was shielding her daughter when she was shot, Ahearn said. The father was trying to wrestle the gun away from Fernandez when he was wounded, a family member said.Fernandez dragged his ex-wife into the street and had her in a headlock, his gun trained on her, when police arrived.Officer Ross Bainbridge, who was accompanied by an officer in training, repeatedly told Fernandez to lay on the ground, Ahearn said.Instead, the gunman threatened to harm the woman or police, the captain said. Bainbridge then shot Fernandez once with a shotgun, killing him. Ahearn said the officer is a 12-year veteran of the department.The slain couple were excellent role models who always took care of and protected their family, said daughter Cecilia Gonzalez. “Our family is in terrible pain after losing our parents,” she said Wednesday.She said despite such devastating losses, their family does not blame the Fernandez family. AGoFundMe pagewas started to help with funeral costs.Fernandez was initially identified by the county Medical Examiner’s Office as a former boyfriend of Isabel Gonzalez, but court records show they we married on Halloween in 2014.The couple separated nine months later. A divorce was filed in December 2015, and in February Gonzalez filed for and was given a restraining order against Fernandez.In a letter to the court, she said Fernandez would randomly show up at her apartment to try to talk with her. He would tell her his friends had seen her leaving her home at specific times, making her feel as if she were being watched.“I don’t feel safe even walking out of my house,” she wrote.Fernandez disagreed with the restraining order, saying he was merely trying to talk with her to see if he could change her mind about the divorce, according to court documents.He wrote that he would never harm her or her dog. “Plus, I don’t know why I would harm anyone,” he said.The court granted a one-year restraining order in March, saying there was “evidence that domestic violence or a threat of domestic violence has been committed.” Fernandez was advised he couldn’t own, possess or buy guns, and pledged that he didn’t have any firearms or ammunition, according to court records.Breaking NewsTwitter: @LAWinkley(619) 293-1546lyndsay.winkley@sduniontribune.comSign up to get Breaking News email alertsGet alerts on severe weather, road closures and other major breaking news.You may occasionally receive promotional content from the San Diego Union-Tribune.Follow UsMore from this AuthorLocalRock Church holds first indoor services after state lifts capacity limits on places of worshipLocalRock Church holds first indoor services after state lifts capacity limits on places of worshipMore than 5,000 people attended indoor services at Rock Church locations across the county on SundayWatchdogBack story: Examining racial disparities in policing across San Diego CountyWatchdogBack story: Examining racial disparities in policing across San Diego CountyWatchdog reporters Lyndsay Winkley and Lauryn Schroeder discuss their three-part series, “The Color of Authority”WatchdogThe Strong Arm of the Law; San Diego officers, deputies turn to force more often when minorities are involvedWatchdogThe Strong Arm of the Law; San Diego officers, deputies turn to force more often when minorities are involvedCommunity searches for answers while data show Blacks suffer force one and a half times as often as WhitesWatchdogA Palpable Fear: Minorities describe encounters with San Diego police, sheriff’s deputiesWatchdogA Palpable Fear: Minorities describe encounters with San Diego police, sheriff’s deputiesIn nearly 90 percent of police beats throughout San Diego, Blacks were stopped at higher rates than WhitesMore CoverageHealthA food-bank worker meets South Bay’s unprecedented needsHealthA food-bank worker meets South Bay’s unprecedented needsRosy Vasquez and her team helped feed thousands who faced hunger for the first time.Public SafetyAttempted robbery ends with victim being stabbed in chestPublic SafetyAttempted robbery ends with victim being stabbed in chestThe man drove himself to the hospital for injuries not believed to be life-threateningMore in this sectionPublic SafetyDeputies respond to call of bleeding burglar in La Presa, find injured manDeputies respond to call of bleeding burglar in La Presa, find injured manIt happened a little after 10 p.m. Monday near Paradise Valley Road and South Worthington Street in the La Presa area of Spring ValleyCourtsDefense: New findings show evidence against Valley Center woman in decades-old murder case is unreliableDefense: New findings show evidence against Valley Center woman in decades-old murder case is unreliableThe new court filings come as a new hearing is set to begin for Jane Dorotik, who is charged with murder in the 2000 death of her husbandPublic SafetyOne dead, two injured when Jeep slams into tree off I-15 in MiramarOne dead, two injured when Jeep slams into tree off I-15 in MiramarThe apparent solo-SUV crash occurred about 4:15 p.m. on south I-15 near Miramar Road when the Jeep left the right side of the freeway and hit treePublic SafetyTwo Vista residents killed in plane crash in ArizonaTwo Vista residents killed in plane crash in ArizonaThe two were found dead in the wreckage near H.A. Clark Memorial Field airport in northern ArizonaPublic SafetyMTS, contractor to pay $5.5M to family of San Diego man who died in custody in 2019MTS, contractor to pay $5.5M to family of San Diego man who died in custody in 2019Angel Zapata Hernandez died after officers held him face down and placed a knee on his neckPublic SafetyMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaMan found tangled in copper wires, hanging upside down in empty warehouse in Chula VistaPolice arrested the man on suspicion of burglary; they had to cut copper wires, tubing and use a ladder truck to remove him from roofBreakingNation-WorldRebels vow to take capital after Chadian president killedNation-WorldRebels vow to take capital after Chadian president killedA top military commander says that Chadian President Idriss Deby Itno has been killed on the battlefield in a fight against rebelsNation-WorldWalter Mondale, Carter’s vice president, dies at 93Nation-WorldWalter Mondale, Carter’s vice president, dies at 93Former Vice President Walter Mondale, a liberal icon who lost one of the most lopsided presidential elections after bluntly telling voters to expect a tax increase if he won, has diedNation-WorldMedical ruling: Capitol cop Sicknick died of natural causesNation-WorldMedical ruling: Capitol cop Sicknick died of natural causesHe suffered a stroke and died from natural causes. Investigators initially believed the officer was hit in the head with a fire extinguisher.Public Safety2 hospitalized after SUV driven by teen crashes, overturns on Nimitz BoulevardPublic Safety2 hospitalized after SUV driven by teen crashes, overturns on Nimitz BoulevardThe driver, who was on a provisional license, crashed after a teen passenger grabbed the steering wheelNation-WorldProsecutor: FedEx shooter didn’t have ‘red flag’ hearingNation-WorldProsecutor: FedEx shooter didn’t have ‘red flag’ hearingA former employee who fatally shot eight people at a FedEx facility in Indianapolis never appeared before a judge for a hearing under Indiana’s “red flag” lawMost read news storiesPublic SafetyMTS, contractor to pay $5.5M to family of San Diego man who died in custody in 2019Public SafetyMTS, contractor to pay $5.5M to family of San Diego man who died in custody in 2019Angel Zapata Hernandez died after officers held him face down and placed a knee on his neckHealthTracking coronavirus data in San Diego CountyHealthTracking coronavirus data in San Diego CountyHere are the latest statistics on COVID-19 cases in the countyPublic SafetyFrom Convoy District to Mira Mesa, San Diego police respond to anti-Asian hate with support for businessesPublic SafetyFrom Convoy District to Mira Mesa, San Diego police respond to anti-Asian hate with support for businessesSan Diego police check on businesses, share information about how to report hate crimesNation-WorldAs Chauvin jury deliberates, Biden calls case `overwhelming’Nation-WorldAs Chauvin jury deliberates, Biden calls case `overwhelming’The jurors who sat quietly off-camera through three weeks of draining testimony in Derek Chauvin’s murder trial in George Floyd’s death deliberated for a second day in a city skittish over the outcomeHealthStudy: Regular exercise shielded COVID-19 patients from hospitalization, deathHealthStudy: Regular exercise shielded COVID-19 patients from hospitalization, deathResearchers examined physical activity levels among more than 48,000 Kaiser patients in Southern CaliforniaLatestNational BusinessHow major US stock indexes fared TuesdayNational BusinessHow major US stock indexes fared TuesdayStocks closed lower on Wall Street, led by drops in technology companies and banksNational SportsCowboys CB Robinson gets 2-game performance-enhancing banNational SportsCowboys CB Robinson gets 2-game performance-enhancing banDallas Cowboys cornerback Rashard Robinson has been suspended for two games for violating the NFL’s policy on performance-enhancersNational SportsManchester City is first club to confirm it is withdrawing from Super League planNational SportsManchester City is first club to confirm it is withdrawing from Super League planManchester City is first club to confirm it is withdrawing from Super League planPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceSign Up For Our NewslettersFollow Us"
336,45,699033,"November 12, 2016",California,Sacramento,8600 block of Ardith Drive,1,5,http://www.kcra.com/article/woman-killed-in-south-sacramento-drive-by-shooting-idd/8285656,"5 others, including a 4-year-old, injured in shooting at barbecue5 others, including a 4-year-old, injured in shooting at barbecueSign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.5 others, including a 4-year-old, injured in shooting at barbecueA woman killed in a drive-by shooting while at a barbecue gathering outside a south Sacramento home has been identified, officials said Sunday.Maige Lee, 27, of Sacramento, was pronounced dead at the scene, deputies said.Theshooting happened just after 7 p.m. Saturday in the 8600 block of Ardith Drive. The victims were outside the home when a compact car with multiple passengers drove up and fired several shots from the passenger side of the car. The car then sped away south on Ardith Drive, the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department said.Four men, ages 31, 32, 33 and 34, and Lee's 4-year-old son were taken to hospitals with gunshot wounds, deputies said.The 31-year-old is reported in critical condition while the other victims are listed in serious but stable condition, according to officialsLee's son was released from the hospital and is reportedly doing OK.Neighbor Keaira Wilson was supposed to stop by the barbecue but was left in shock after the shooting.“But instead, I went to bed, and when I was in my bed, all of a sudden I heard gunshots,"" Wilson said.Wilson’s mother didn’t want to talk on camera but said she ran to the neighbor’s home to help.“My mom was just panicking,"" Wilson said. ""She was in fear, she just was like, 'Call the police.' She didn’t know what was going on.”No other details have been released on any suspects or motive for the shooting.Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Sacramento County Sheriff’s Department at 916-874-5115.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
337,46,700363,"November 12, 2016",Missouri,Kansas City,21st St and Cleveland Ave,1,3,http://fox4kc.com/2016/11/15/raytown-man-charged-in-quadruple-shooting-near-21st-cleveland-that-left-one-woman-dead/,"FOX 4 Kansas City WDAF-TV | News, Weather, Sportsby:FOX 4 NewsroomKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Prosecutors have charged a Raytown man in the Saturday quadruple shooting that left one woman dead, Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker announced Tuesday.Deandre M. Jackson, 24, of Raytown, Mo. is charged with 2nd degree murder, unlawful use of a weapon, thee counts of 1st degree assault, and five counts of armed criminal action.Court records say Jackson fired into a stranded vehicle with four women inside near 21st and Cleveland on Saturday,killing 25-year-old Maryanna Penningtonand injuring the three others.An investigation revealed that the women’s car was stopped due to a broken front axle. The women had called for help.A witness told investigators Jackson opened the front passenger door and shot into the vehicle. Nearly three dozen spent shell casings were found at the scene near the vehicle.Witnesses and victims also identified Jackson as the shooter.One witness said he had been fighting with one of the victims earlier that day.Jackson County prosecutors have requested a $500,000 cash bond.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Missouri River is more than 2,300 miles long. American Rivers, an environmental conservation organization group, said the lower half of the river is one of the most endangered rivers in the country. It sits at number two on the group's annual list, the same ranking it received in 2020.The group cites climate change and poor flood management as the major threats. Dams in the upper part of the river and the extensive levee system built along its banks are causes for the river's problems. Levees have been breeched countless times in recent years, flooding farmland and threatening communities along the river. The extensive flooding has caused billions of dollars in damages.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
338,47,699303,"November 12, 2016",Connecticut,Bridgeport,2500 Park Avenue,0,5,http://www.doingitlocal.com/2017/01/bridgeport-news-2-youths-arrested-sweet-16-shooting/,"Bridgeport – Bridgeport Police today are announcing the arrests of two juvenile suspects in connection with a shooting incident on November 12, 2016 where five people were shot at Club Sportivo, located at 2500 Park Avenue in Bridgeport.“I want to thank the men and women of the Bridgeport Police Detective Bureau for their round the clock efforts and good, thorough police work that has led to the arrests of these two individuals,” said Bridgeport Police Chief Armando “AJ” Perez. “We will continue to investigate this crime until we bring all those responsible to justice. Bringing guns to a teenage sweet 16 and crashing the party, causing a ruckus where people end up getting shot is totally unacceptable. Playing around recklessly with illegal guns puts people’s lives in danger and we have zero tolerance for it in Bridgeport. If anyone has further information about this crime, I ask that you call the Bridgeport police anonymous tips line 203-576-TIPS or 203-576-8477.”On November 12, 2016 at approximately 2239 hours, Bridgeport Police began to receive multiple calls about a large group of people fighting both inside and outside Club Sportivo, located at 2500 Park Avenue Bridgeport. Police dispatch then began receiving 911 calls of “shots fired” at this location. Approximately twenty police officers responded to the scene and located five (5) gunshot victims. These victims were transported to local hospitals, and all five survived their injuries. Several days later, a sixth gunshot victim was located, who initially did not seek medical treatment. Due to the complexity of the crime scene, all evidence processing was completed by the Bridgeport Police Department Identification Unit.This investigation began on November 12, 2016 and is still ongoing. After speaking with multiple witnesses, victims and suspects, and reviewing surveillance of the scene and evidence, detectives determined the following:On November 12, 2016, Club Sportivo was rented out to the family of a 16 year old female to host a Sweet Sixteen party. This party was by invitation only, but at approximately 2200 hours, the hosts of the party began to charge admission for an “after party”. Many people who were not invited to the Sweet Sixteen paid admission to enter the party, and some were patted down for weapons by adult males, who appeared to be acting as security. At approximately 2220 hours, a fight erupted on the dance floor, and spilled out into the vestibule. Several males were then seen displaying firearms inside the club. Several minutes later, shots were fired outside the club, resulting in six victims being shot.Based on this investigation, probable cause existed to charge two juvenile males with various assault and weapons offenses. Juvenile #1 is a 15 year old male. An arrest warrant was issued for him on January 6, 2017 charging him with Criminal Attempt at Assault first Degree, Carrying a Pistol without a Permit, Unlawful Discharge of Firearms, Reckless Endangerment in the First Degree and Breach of Peace in the Second Degree. Juvenile #1 was arrested on January 9, 2017. Juvenile #2 is a 17 year old male. An arrest warrant was issued for him on December 21, 2016 charging him with Carrying a Pistol Without a Permit, Unlawful Discharge of Firearms, Reckless Endangerment in the First Degree and Breach of Peace in the Second Degree. Juvenile #2 was arrested on this warrant on January 13, 2017.Due to the fact that this is an ongoing investigation, and that those arrested so far are juveniles, no additional information will be released at this time.You must belogged into post a comment.691 Post Rd, Fairfield(203) 256-9201"
339,48,699863,"November 11, 2016",Texas,Houston,7705 Channelside Street,0,4,http://abc13.com/news/bar-fight-leads-to-violent-shooting-in-se-houston/1601780/,WATCHVIDEOSAs many as 4 injured in SE Houston bar shootingRaw video shows the scene of a violent shooting in SE HoustonAt least 2 people were shot at a sports bar on San Antonio St in SE Houston#ABC13#hounewspic.twitter.com/f6HnI6xSQ8
340,49,698383,"November 10, 2016",Texas,Houston,6610 S Sam Houston Pkwy W,1,3,http://www.khou.com/article/news/crime/man-sentenced-to-30-years-in-prison-for-murder-of-houston-rapper/285-522166457,"HOUSTON - A man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for the murder of a prominent Houston rapper known as 'Mr. 3-2'.According to the Harris County District Attorney's Office, Vincent Depaul Stredic, 40, was convicted in the November 2016 murder of Christopher Barriere, 44. Barriere was shot in the parking lot of a gas station off Sam Houston ParkwayTestimony revealed that the two men had been friends. On the night of the shooting, Stredic and Barriere drove to the gas station with two other men, according to the DA's office. An argument broke out between Stredic and the other men and ended with Stredic retrieving a shotgun from the trunk of his car. He then shot Barriere in the side of the head.“This is the kind of senseless violence that troubles so many people within our community,” Assistant District Attorney Dave Brucker said.His nickname, Mr. 3-2, is drawn from his first name starting with the third letter of the alphabet and his last name with the second.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
341,50,696917,"November 9, 2016",Washington,Seattle,1524 3rd Ave,0,5,http://komonews.com/news/local/police-track-down-capture-suspect-in-nov-mass-shooting-downtown,
342,53,693438,"November 5, 2016",Texas,San Antonio,10726 Perrin Beitel Rd,0,4,http://www.ksat.com/news/four-shot-outside-of-ne-side-bar-1,"Alyssa Medina, ProducerAlyssa Medina, ProducerSAN ANTONIO– Four people are recovering at San Antonio hospitals after being shot outside of a Northeast Side bar early Saturday morning.San Antonio police responded to a call for a shooting in the 10000 block of Perrin Beitel. When officers arrived, they found one person shot in the head in parking lot of Snoop's Bar and Tavern.That victim was taken to San Antonio Military Medical Center in critical condition.Police later learned two other victims drove themselves to Northeast Baptist hospital, said police. Another victim drove himself to Northeast Methodist hospital.The victims are in the hospital under police watch. Police believe the shooting may have been gang-related.Copyright 2016 by KSAT - All rights reserved.Alyssa Medina has worked at KSAT since 2016 and is the  Video on demand producer. She creates exclusive content for the KSAT-TV streaming app. Some of her most notable contributions focus on race and culture or health and wellness. She's created the segments 'Creating Black History in S.A.' and 'New Week. New You.""If you need help with the Public File, call 210-351-1241."
343,55,693624,"November 5, 2016",Florida,Fort Lauderdale (Lauderhill),3135 W Broward Blvd,1,3,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/1-Killed-3-Hospitalized-in-Laudehill-Club-Shooting-400129071.html,"Police are investigating a fatal shooting at a Lauderhill strip club early Saturday morning.Lauderhill police say one person was killed and three others injured in the shooting at Cafe 54, 3135 West Broward Blvd.It's not the first shooting at the club. Three people were shot there last March and later drove themselves to the hospital.Two others were shot in at the strip bar in December 2014, and a year before that police were called to the club when shots were fired in the parking lot, though no one was injured.Cafe 54 shooting investigation continuing. 4 victims total. 3 in hospital and the 4th has passed away. No further info to release yet.
— LauderhillPDPIO (@LPDPIO)November 5, 2016Authorities say the investigation is ongoing. No further information has been released."
344,56,693374,"November 5, 2016",California,Oakland,420 14th Street,0,8,http://www.eastbaytimes.com/2016/11/09/oakland-reputed-gang-members-charged-in-downtown-shootout-that-wounded-eight/,"Trending:OAKLAND — Two reputed gang members have been charged in a gun battle Saturday morning outside a downtown Oakland club that left eight people, including themselves, wounded, according to authorities and court documents.At least two other men who also may be gang members are being sought, police said.Charged with three counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm are  Brandon Simpson, 27, who was wounded in the leg and abdomen, and Kehinde Riley, 20, who was shot in the leg.The men are friends and reputed members of the same East Oakland gang, authorities said.Simpson remains hospitalized. Riley is being held at Santa Rita Jail.According to police and court documents, the two were among a large crowd outside a club in the 400 block of 14th Street about 12:15 a.m. Saturday when they got into a dispute with another man who authorities believe was gang related.Within moments a gun battle erupted involving Simpson, Riley and the two men being sought.Simpson and Riley and six other people, including a 17-year-old boy and four women, were wounded in the gunfire.The shooting was captured on video surveillance and that led to Simpson and Riley being identified as suspects, according to court documents. Simpson was arrested at Highland Hospital and Riley at Kaiser Hospital where they had gotten rides to for treatment of their wounds.According to court documents, Simpson has five prior felony convictions between 2005 and 2015  for grand theft, possession of cocaine for sale, vehicle theft, assault, and accessory after the fact. He received prison terms for the grand theft, cocaine and vehicle theft convictions, according to the record.Riley has a prior robbery conviction from 2013 when he was a juvenile. He was incarcerated at a juvenile facility for the conviction, the records show.Get Morning Report and other email newsletters"
345,58,693307,"November 4, 2016",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,5451 Springfield Ave,0,4,http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20161106_3_teens__believed_targeted__older_man_all_shot_outside_SW_Philly_bar.html,
346,59,692020,"November 3, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,8000 block of S Shore Dr,2,2,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/two-killed-in-south-chicago-shooting-identified/,"Filed under:Two people who were killed in a domestic-related shooting that left two others critically wounded early Thursday in the South Chicago neighborhood have been identified.The four people were shot by a known suspect in the 8000 block of South Shore Drive about 12:10 a.m., according to Chicago Police.The suspect got into argument with one of the victims and it turned physical, police said. He left the home, returned with a gun and shot all four victims.A 20-year-old woman, Emoni House; and a 16-year-old boy, Elijah House, were pronounced dead at the scene, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.Emoni House suffered multiple gunshot wounds, and Elijah House suffered a gunshot wound to the back, according to the medical examiner’s office. Both lived on the block where the shooting happened.A 42-year-old woman was shot in the chest, and a 30-year-old woman was also shot, police said. They were taken in critical condition to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn.The shooting was domestic-related, police said.No one was in custody as of Monday morning as Area South detectives investigate.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
347,62,691113,"November 1, 2016",Tennessee,Memphis,5200 block of Zodiac Rd,1,5,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/33631149/17-year-old-charged-in-zodiac-park-shooting,"MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - A 17-year-old is charged withkilling a 16-year-old girland injuring five other people in Zodiac Park on Tuesday.Marcus Malone, a student at Whitehaven High School, is charged with second-degree murder, 10 counts of attempted second-degree murder and 10 counts of possession and employing a firearm during a dangerous felony. That's all in connection to the shooting. He made his first appearance in juvenile court Friday.Malone is just one year older than the teen his is accused of killing.Malone's family had nothing to say as they left his juvenile court hearing.According to the public information officer with juvenile court, Malone will be detained and will not be released.Memphis Police Director Mike Rallings reflected on the direction Malone's life has taken.""A young man at one of our most successful high schools,"" Rallings said. ""His life is forever changed.""Rallings is dismayed that the group planned to meet at the park and fight. He once again called for an end to the violence.""Here again we have another family that has been impacted by losing a loved one to some type of senseless violence, and it has to stop,"" Rallings said.Students who know Malone said they liked him and he was an aspiring rapper. He even performed last week for an honors class.Tuesday,16-year-old Alana Tello was shot and killed in Zodiac Park. Police said six people walked up to Tello and the other victims and opened fire.""Her mom can't ever get her back,"" Tello's friend Eric Walker said. ""I know that she is in a lot of pain right now and our prayers go out for her family.""Thursday would have been Tello's 17th birthday. She was a student at Horn Lake High School.Tello's friends and family said they are happy that Malone has been arrested, but they said there is still more that needs to be done. They said Malone did not act alone.""I just pray that justice will be served, and I know it is more than that one boy,"" Walker said. ""I know it was and I hope and pray that they get them. I pray that will help bring closure.""Memphis Police Department has not identified the other five suspects.Tello's funeral serives services will be held on Sunday, November 6 at Colonial Hills Church in Southaven. The church is located at 7701 Highway 52. Visitation will be from 3-6 p.m. on that day. The services will immediately follow completion of visitation.Those attending are encouraged to wear tie-dyed shirts and their hair in a bun to honor the teen.Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
348,63,689518,"October 31, 2016",Louisiana,Shreveport,700 Block of W 68th St,0,4,http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/crime/2016/10/31/four-injured-west-shreveport-shooting-following-brawl/93074240/,"Four people are recovering from injuries following a brawl which led to shots being fired outside an apartment complex Monday morning in west Shreveport.Just after 2 a.m. on Oct. 31, Shreveport Police patrol officers responded to the 700 block of Central Street relative to a ""shots fired"" call.  As officers arrived at the scene, they learned that four victims, ages 19 to 24 were suffering gunshot wounds.  The injured victims, Ivory Jenkins, Tracy Brown, Briana Roberson and Jerome Jones, were taken to University Health where they were treated for what was described as non life-threatening injuries.Investigators with the Shreveport Police Department's Violent Crimes Unit were called to the scene and immediately began an inquiry into the matter.  During preliminary findings, it was determined an on-going dispute between two women, which apparently began on a popular social media site, led to the women agreeing to meet outside the apartment complex for purpose of fighting.During the course of the melee, additional persons known to both women, were on the scene and began to partake in the brawl.  At the height of the incident, a handgun was produced and multiple shots were fired.  It was unknown at the hour who was responsible for firing the shots; however, investigators are continually gathering information.Authorities are in the process of securing arrest warrants for the two women allegedly responsible for initiating the incident, along with several other persons involved in the brawl. Shamaya Pouncy, 19, was arrested and charged with battery on an officer, disturbing the peace by fighting and resisting an officer.Anyone with any information in the matter are asked to call Crime Stoppers at (318) 673-7373 or visit their website at www.lockemup.org."
349,64,688979,"October 30, 2016",Ohio,Toledo,742 Junction Ave,0,4,http://www.toledoblade.com/Police-Fire/2016/10/31/Toledo-police-investigate-shooting-at-after-hours-club-2-other-unrelated-shootings.html,
350,65,689020,"October 30, 2016",Maryland,Capitol Heights,6862 Walker Mill Rd,3,3,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/third-man-dies-after-shooting-at-prince-georges-county-dice-game-in-october/2016/12/20/ab4d541e-c6fe-11e6-bf4b-2c064d32a4bf_story.html?utm_term=.0dba0d4f2d1d,"A man injured in October at a dice game in Prince George’s County where two teenagers were fatally shot at the scene, died Monday night, police said.[Man charged with killing 14-year-old in multiple shooting at dice game]Police on Tuesday announced the death of Gleason Wood, 27, of Northeast Washington.On Oct. 30 at around 2:45 a.m., officers responded to the 6800 block of Walker Mill Road in Capitol Heights for the report of a shooting, Prince George’s County police said in a statement. They found six shooting victims: 14-year-old Todd Webb of Capitol Heights and 18-year-old Brian Davis of Northwest Washington were dead at the scene and four others injured, the statement said.The dice game began in an apartment building, police said, but moved outdoors, and involved up to two dozen people playing or watching. Davis was killed in an initial round of shooting that began for reasons still under investigation.Webb was then allegedly killed by 22-year-old Bravon Freeman of Southeast Washington, who was charged with murder after he went inside an apartment, got a gun and shot Webb, according to charging documents.Wood was one of four people transported to the hospital after the shooting, including two 15-year-olds and a 17-year-old.Police asked anyone with information about the shooting to call 1-866-411-TIPS."
351,66,688841,"October 30, 2016",New York,New York (Manhattan),135 Ridge Street,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20161031/lower-east-side/rutgers-street-shooting-police-looking-for-suspect,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.LOWER EAST SIDE – Police are looking for a man they say shot four people during a brawl on Sunday morning.An argument escalated in front of 135 Ridge St. at around 6 a.m., resulting in participants beating each other and one man pulling out a gun and shooting at four people, police said.The suspect, identified as 42-year-old Miguel Maldonado, allegedly pulled out a gun during the mayhem and fired between five and six rounds of ammunition, striking three men, ages 25, 34 and 23, police said.A fourth man escaped unscathed despite being shot through his right pants pocket, police said. He said the suspect fired at him multiple times but only managed to hit his wallet inside his right pocket, according to authorities.The 25-year-old and 34-year-old victims were both shot in the left leg after being fired at multiple times, according to authorities, while the 23-year-old victim was hit once in the right leg and once in the abdomen.The gunshot victims, whose injuries were not life threatening, were taken to Bellevue Hospital in stable condition, police said.In addition, two men, aged 32 and 42, were kicked and punched during the brawl leading up to the shooting, which first broke out around 2:10 a.m., sustaining bloody noses and swollen lips, while one woman, 26, was punched and scratched, police said.Police were unable to speak to the cause of the argument that started the violence.Maldonado is wanted for assault in the first degree. Police at the 7th Precinct released a photo of the suspect Monday morning via Twitter.Please help us find this individual who shot 4 people @#les. If you have any info please call#crimestoppers800-577-TIPS.pic.twitter.com/nxmT27DMEDNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideNext inEast Village & Lower East SideCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
352,67,688577,"October 30, 2016",New York,Newburgh,119 First Street,2,5,http://www.recordonline.com/news/20161104/newburgh-teen-wanted-in-double-murder-is-arrested-out-of-state,"CITY OF NEWBURGH – The City of Newburgh teenager sought in the killings of two women at a Halloween party on Sunday was arrested out-of-state on Friday, bringing some good news to the victims’ families as they prepare for funerals.Nija Johnson, 17, had been sought for second-degree murder in the shootings of Tabitha Cruz, 20, and Omani Free, 18. Cruz and Free, a Newburgh Free Academy senior, were shot and killed around 12:43 a.m. Sunday at 119 Broadway. Another five people were injured in the incident.Police have released few other details, other than to say Johnson was captured around 3 p.m. Friday and is expected to be returned to the city in a few days.News of his arrest came as Cruz’s family welcomed hundreds of mourners to a visitation service at Crossroads Assembly of God church on Friday. Her funeral is set for Saturday and Free’s for Monday.“We couldn’t get any better news,” said Ray Degraffenried, Cruz’s stepfather. “It brought a little bit of happiness along with the sadness.”On Monday police had announced a $2,500 reward for information leading to Johnson’s arrest and conviction. A day earlier they had charged two men – Rainier Hamilton, 21, and Tyson Oliveira, 20 – with assisting the shooter.At the time of the shooting, Johnson had two outstanding arrest warrants for felony weapon and drug possession charges, according to Newburgh City Court records.“Of course, I’m happy that he has been caught,” said Rhonda Valentine-Free, Omani Free’s mother. “Justice needs to be served.”lsparks@th-record.comCITY OF NEWBURGH – The City of Newburgh teenager sought in the killings of two women at a Halloween party on Sunday was arrested out-of-state on Friday, bringing some good news to the victims’ families as they prepare for funerals.Nija Johnson, 17, had been sought for second-degree murder in the shootings of Tabitha Cruz, 20, and Omani Free, 18. Cruz and Free, a Newburgh Free Academy senior, were shot and killed around 12:43 a.m. Sunday at 119 Broadway. Another five people were injured in the incident.Police have released few other details, other than to say Johnson was captured around 3 p.m. Friday and is expected to be returned to the city in a few days.News of his arrest came as Cruz’s family welcomed hundreds of mourners to a visitation service at Crossroads Assembly of God church on Friday. Her funeral is set for Saturday and Free’s for Monday.“We couldn’t get any better news,” said Ray Degraffenried, Cruz’s stepfather. “It brought a little bit of happiness along with the sadness.”On Monday police had announced a $2,500 reward for information leading to Johnson’s arrest and conviction. A day earlier they had charged two men – Rainier Hamilton, 21, and Tyson Oliveira, 20 – with assisting the shooter.At the time of the shooting, Johnson had two outstanding arrest warrants for felony weapon and drug possession charges, according to Newburgh City Court records.“Of course, I’m happy that he has been caught,” said Rhonda Valentine-Free, Omani Free’s mother. “Justice needs to be served.”lsparks@th-record.com© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.recordonline.com  ~ 40 Mulberry St., Middletown, NY 10940~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
353,68,688592,"October 30, 2016",Texas,San Antonio,2900 block of Aspen Meadow,0,5,http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/Police-arrest-man-dressed-as-Freddy-Kruger-who-12287217.php,"The suspect, 22-year-old Robert Contreras, now faces one charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. He remains in the Bexar County Jail.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.San Antonio police investigate a shooting on the Northwest Side that left five people wounded Sunday morning, Oct. 30, 2016.A 22-year-old man was arrested Wednesday in connection with a mass shooting at a 2016 Halloween party on the West Side.Robert Contreras was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. He remains in the Bexar County Jail.RELATED:McManus: 'Gang-related' East Side shootout leaves two children injuredContreras, who was dressed as Freddy Krueger, and a group of several other men arrived to a party at a home in the 2900 block of Aspen Meadow about 5 a.m. on Oct. 30, 2016, according to the affidavit.The 25-year-old host of the party didn't recognize the men so he didn't let them in. Three of the men, including Contreras, allegedly pushed their way inside, initiating a shoving match.During the fight, one of the uninvited guests told the host to fight his brother ""one on one."" They fought but then the host saw Contreras, still dressed as Freddy Krueger, holding a shotgun, police said.Contreras allegedly fired, striking not only the host, but four other people as well. He and several other uninvited guests then fled the scene, authorities said.RELATED:SAPD: 20-year-old man shot during confrontation with suspected car burglarsParamedics transported three men to University Hospital and another man at Baptist Medical Center in downtown San Antonio. A female victim drove herself to Christus Santa Rosa Hospital but crashed on the way there, police said.There were no breaks in the case until the host reportedly identified Contreras in a photo line up. The affidavit didn't specify how police developed Contreras as a suspect.A second witness identified him as well, police said.A judge signed a warrant for Contreras's arrest on August 9 and was finally executed almost one year after the shooting.Contreras was only charged in connection to allegedly shooting the host, but he may face further charges.Text ""NEWS"" to 77453 for breaking news alerts from mySA.comcdowns@mysa.com |Twitter: @calebjdownsCaleb Downs is a breaking news reporter for the San Antonio Express-News. His job is to hunt down crime and chaos in San Antonio and Bexar County. He is a graduate of the University of North Texas and has previously worked for The Dallas Morning News as a breaking news reporter."
354,69,689009,"October 29, 2016",California,Los Angeles,1600 block of Century Boulevard,0,5,http://abc7.com/news/2-shot-and-wounded-3-others-grazed-by-gunfire-at-party-in-south-la/1580411/,"WATCHLIVESheriff's deputies and firefighter-paramedics responded to the Gramercy Park neighborhood of South L.A. after a shooting on Saturday, Oct. 29, 2016.(OnScene)"
355,71,688210,"October 29, 2016",California,Riverside,3500 block of Madison Street,0,4,http://www.pe.com/articles/riverside-817173-condition-woman.html,"Trending:Updates with more details from police, report of stabbingOne person was stabbed late Friday night, Oct. 28, and four others were shot early Saturday at a party at a Riverside shopping center, the Riverside police and fire departments said.Their injuries were not life threatening, police said. A 19-year-old woman was initially believed to be in critical condition. The other victims’ ages were 19, 24 and unknown, the Fire Department said in a news release.A crowd of 75-100 people had gathered in the 3500 block of Madison Street just west of the 91 Freeway, a Riverside police news release said.UPDATE:Code Enforcement investigating venue where shooting, stabbing took placeThen just before midnight, Corona police officers were at Corona Regional Medical Center when a stabbing victim was dropped off by someone who then drove off. Police detained the vehicle’s occupants and learned that the victim was stabbed at the Madison party, the release said.Riverside police then went to the Madison address about 1 a.m., the same time other officers were dispatched to a report of a loud party there, the release said. As officers approached, someone began shooting.The officers were not targeted by the shooters, police Lt. Charles Payne said.Officers found the four victims and detained the partygoers. Officers searched the business where the party was happening and found five hidden guns — three that were stolen — as well as what the release described as evidence related to the stabbing.Riverside Police Lt. Mark Rossi said one person has been arrestedon suspicion of possessing illegal narcotics. He said it was not yet known Saturday night whether that person was involved in the shooting.No one, police Officer Ryan Railsback said, could describe the shooter or stabber.Staff writer Alex Groves contributed to this report.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
356,73,687375,"October 28, 2016",Florida,Miami Gardens,Northwest 173rd Terrace and 27th Avenue,0,4,http://www.local10.com/news/crime/victim-posts-facebook-live-video-after-miami-gardens-shooting-,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorNatalie Morera, Executive ProducerAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorNatalie Morera, Executive ProducerMIAMI GARDENS, Fla.– Four men were shot Friday morning in Miami Gardens, police said.The shooting was reported about 1:40 a.m. in the area of Northwest 173rd Terrace and 27th Avenue.According to police, the victims' ages range from late to teens to late 30's. They were all taken to Aventura Hospital.One of the victims, posted a Facebook live video after the shooting.""I just got shot,"" Andrew Nance told his Facebook followers. Nance said that he was shot twice.He did not appear to be injured too severely as he posted from the video at the hospital.Nance's grandmother told reporters that her grandson had been shot while talking on the front porch of his house with friends.""He was just sitting on the porch and somebody walked up and started shooting at them. I don't know who they are,"" she said.The woman said there had never been any problems with her grandson at their home before.""He had come home from work and he was just sitting on the front porch talking, that's all"" she said.Local 10 News reporter Todd Tongen was at the scene and said that there were so many rounds fired that two windows were shot out and the home was riddled with bullets.Miami Gardens police said they are searching for three people who shot at the victims.All of the victims are listed in stable condition.Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
357,74,686312,"October 27, 2016",Georgia,Jackson,600 block of Moccasin Gap Road,4,0,http://www.henryherald.com/news/kosky-baker-indicted-in-moccasin-gap-quadruple-murder/article_6d0daa57-dc4a-5b7a-92bc-29a69bae506a.html,"Please purchase a subscription to read our premium content. If you have a subscription, please log in or sign up for an account on our website to continue.Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.As a home delivery subscriber, you get free unlimited digital access to premium content on HenryHerald.com, including local news, local sports, obituaries, legal notices, local features, and the e-edition.All you need is your print subscription account number and your last name.Don't know your subscription number? Email access@henryherald.com with your delivery address.Get unlimited digital access to premium content on HenryHerald.com, including local news, local sports, local features, obituaries, legal notices, and the e-edition, on your computer, tablet or phone starting at $3.99.*All subscriptions auto-renew at the same rate.Get 3 days of unlimited digital access to HenryHerald.com including stories, photos, obituaries, e-edition and more on your computer, tablet or phone for $1.99.Support Henry County journalism and subscribe now.*Subscription does not auto-renew.Mostly clear. Low around 50F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph..Mostly clear. Low around 50F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 3:42 pmJacob Cole KoskyMatthew BakerBy Chelsea Princecprince@henryherald.comReporterJacob Cole KoskyMatthew BakerMcDONOUGH —A Henry County grand jury indicted Jacob Cole Kosky and Matthew Baker Tuesday in the October murders of four young people at a Jackson house party.Kosky, 23, was indicted on four counts of malice murder, eight counts of felony murder, four counts of aggravated assault, one count of possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony, one count of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and one count of felony theft by taking.Baker, 19, was indicted on four counts of malice murder, four counts of felony murder, four counts of aggravated assault, and one count of possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony.The two McDonough men are accused in the shooting deaths of 18-year-old Matthew Hicks of McDonough, 29-year-old Keith Gibson of Covington, 20-year-old Sophia Bullard of Thomaston and Destiny Olinger, 20, of Jackson.The jury charged that both acted “with malice aforethought” in the quadruple murder, despite Kosky’s alleged admission to police that he was the sole shooter and Baker’s prior claim that he acted in fear for his life.Baker’s attorney argued during a December preliminary hearing that the 19-year-old did not know what Kosky had planned when he was called to the Moccasin Gap Road home on Oct. 27.Kosky and Baker had attended a bonfire at victim Destiny Olinger’s home earlier that night. At some point in the evening, Baker reportedly left the party with a crew of friends and later returned at Kosky’s request.When Baker arrived, Kosky allegedly handed him a gun and asked for backup, according to police.Success!An email has been sent towith a link to confirm list signup.Error!There was an error processing your request.Get Henry Herald headlines delivered to your email inbox daily.Kosky, who turned himself in later Oct. 27, reportedly told investigators with the Henry County Police Department that he shot everyone remaining in the house.“At one point in the interview he made the admissions, ‘I domed everybody in the house. Two to the head. Everybody I saw. I did it,’” Detective David LeCroy testified during a November preliminary hearing.Two witnesses hid and survived the shooting, including a woman identified as Kosky’s sister. The woman called police at about 2 a.m. to report the shooting.When police arrived at the home, Bullard, Hicks and Gibson were found dead. Olinger was found shot in critical condition. She was transported to Grady Memorial Hospital, where she later died of her injuries on Oct. 30.Three other people were arrested Oct. 27 in connection with the crime. Jacob Williams, 18, of McDonough, 21-year-old Kayla Head of McDonough, and Brooke Knight, 19, of Locust Grove were charged with obstruction of a police investigation. The three remain under investigation in the Henry County District Attorney’s Office.The prosecution will now prepare for trial, although District Attorney Darius Pattillo said Tuesday that it is “hard to say” when a trial date will be set. The case has not yet been assigned to a judge.If convicted of murder, Kosky and Baker could face a mandatory life sentence. Pattillo said the case will be reviewed at a later date in order to determine whether his office will seek the death penalty.Stacker compiled a list of 25 facts about Audrey Hepburn’s life that you may not know, consulting newspaper and magazine articles, biographies, film archives, and recordings.Click for more.Jacob Cole Kosky, 22, of McDonough allegedly told friends he wanted to rob and possibly kill someone two days before he was suspected of murdering four people at a Jackson home, according to testimony heard in Henry County Magistrate Court last week.Jacob Cole Kosky, 22, of McDonough allegedly told friends he wanted to rob and possibly kill someone two days before he was suspected of murdering four people at a Jackson home, according to testimony heard in Henry County Magistrate Court last week.Matthew Baker, Jr., the second suspect facing murder charges in connection with the October shooting of four young people at a home on Moccasin Gap Road, was bound over to Superior Court Wednesday to await consideration by a grand jury.Matthew Baker, Jr., the second suspect facing murder charges in connection with the October shooting of four young people at a home on Moccasin Gap Road, was bound over to Superior Court Wednesday to await consideration by a grand jury.Jacob Cole Kosky will go before a grand jury for indictment in connection with the October murders of four young people at a home on Moccasin Gap Road in Jackson.Jacob Cole Kosky will go before a grand jury for indictment in connection with the October murders of four young people at a home on Moccasin Gap Road in Jackson.The weapon used in the Oct. 27 homicides has been recovered after a primary suspect allegedly confessed to the crime, according Newton County Sheriff’s Deputies.The weapon used in the Oct. 27 homicides has been recovered after a primary suspect allegedly confessed to the crime, according Newton County Sheriff’s Deputies.The fourth victim shot Thursday in the multiple shooting at a home on Moccasin Gap Road has died of her injuries.The fourth victim shot Thursday in the multiple shooting at a home on Moccasin Gap Road has died of her injuries.Five people have been arrested in the multiple shooting in Henry County Thursday morning that left three dead and one in critical condition.Five people have been arrested in the multiple shooting in Henry County Thursday morning that left three dead and one in critical condition.The two McDonough men appeared separately for arraignment before Judge Arch McGarity Tuesday afternoon. Both are facing the death penalty should they be convicted of murder in the Oct. 27 fatal shooting.The two McDonough men appeared separately for arraignment before Judge Arch McGarity Tuesday afternoon. Both are facing the death penalty should they be convicted of murder in the Oct. 27 fatal shooting.ReporterPublic safety reporter Chelsea Prince joined the Henry Herald and Clayton News Daily in 2016. She is a graduate of Emory University.Please log in, or sign up for a new, free account to read or post comments.Log InKeep it Clean.Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.Don't Threaten.Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.Be Truthful.Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.Be Nice.No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.Be Proactive.Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.Share with Us.We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.Now, more than ever, the world needs trustworthy reporting—but good journalism isn’t free.

Please support us by subscribing or making a contribution today.This is not a scientific poll — results reflect only the opinions of those voting.Follow us on social media:SportsPhone: 770-957-916138 Sloan Street
McDonough, GA 3025338 Sloan Street
McDonough, GA 3025338 Sloan Street
McDonough, GA 30253Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
358,75,685379,"October 25, 2016",Ohio,Dayton,3300 block of Riverside Dr,1,3,http://www.daytondailynews.com/news/crime--law/second-murder-trial-begins-october-2016-shooting/wKGAlnRcrPq64dj9ZW9giN/,"UPDATE @ 5:50 p.m. (Aug. 25):A Dayton man was convicted this evening of murder in the shooting death of Brandon Lanier in October 2016.Curtis McShann, 30, was convicted of all but one of the more than 20 charges against him.A jury convicted McShann of fatally shooting Lanier, 27, on Riverside Drive. Prosecutors said three others were shot during the incident when more than 50 rounds were fired.UPDATE @ 1:30 p.m. (Aug. 25):Closing arguments have concluded and a jury is now deliberating the fate of Curtis McShann, who faces 24 counts in connection to the shooting death of Brandon Lanier.EARLIER (Aug. 21)The murder trial of Curtis McShann began today in Montgomery County Common Pleas Court.McShann, 30, faces 24 counts — including four for murder — for the Oct. 25, 2016, shooting death of Brandon Lanier, 27, on Riverside Drive in Dayton.RELATED:McShann arraigned in fatal shootingJamarko Walker, 22, was sentenced in late July to 24 years to life in prison for his role in Lanier’s death.According to prosecutors and police, Lanier was killed and three others were shot and taken to a local hospital; about 50 rounds were fired during the incident.RELATED:Jamarko Walker found guiltyCourt records show McShann’s attorney could say his client has an alibi, that he was at residences on Lobata Place and Odlin Street in Dayton during the shooting.Prosecutors filed documents indicating that they planned to use conversations McShann allegedly had with a detective in which the defendant said he may plead guilty if two other people were not charged with tampering with evidence.The trial is the in the courtroom of Judge Richard Skelton.SOCIAL MEDIA:FollowMark Gokavi onTwitterorFacebookMORE:Read other stories from Mark GokaviDOWNLOAD OUR FREE MOBILE APPS FOR LATEST BREAKING NEWSSign up for our newsletters"
359,77,683142,"October 23, 2016",Oklahoma,Wellston,Highway 66 and N 3310 Rd,1,5,http://www.news9.com/story/33524405/okc-man-arrested-man-in-connection-with-manhunt,"The United States Marshals Service arrested Danny Roach, 34, in connection with the manhunt for Michael Vance and the Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office  identified two others they are looking to arrest.April Harden (who also goes by April Roach) was arrested Monday evening. She and 33-year-old Reginald Moore are accused of assisting Vance during the early hours of the manhunt.According to a probable cause affidavit, the investigation led U.S. Marshals to Roach, a convicted felon. When authorities located Roach they found him in possession of several guns including two rifles and two handguns.Roach was arrested on October 29.Oklahoma County jail records show he is being held on complaints of accessory to felony and possession of a firearm after a former conviction of a felony.The Oklahoma County sheriff's office held a news conference at 3 p.m. Monday. Sheriff John Whetsel announced they arrested Roach in connection to the manhunt. Sheriff Whetsel said after the murders in Luther, Roach provided Vance with bandages and two 30-round magazines for an AK-47. He also traded Vance's rifle with a different AK-47 that has a shorter barrel. That was the weapon Vance reportedly used in the attempted carjacking in Sayre, the shooting of Dewey County Sheriff, and the shootout with Oklahoma Highway Patrol (OHP) troopers that ended in his death.The Sheriff said Roach was aware of Vance being involved in the shootout with Wellston police officers and the homicides. Roach said Vance admitted to, ""cutting the wrong side of the victim's neck,"" and he told Roach he had to cut the other side. He said he killed the female victim after she lied to him.Roach admitted he was looking out for Vance while Vance was at his home in Oklahoma City. He said as Vance was leaving, a police car drove by and Roach let Vance know when it was clear for him to leave.Roach is facing multiple charges, including two counts of accessory to felony murder after the fact and two counts of possession of a firearm after a felony conviction. His bond has been denied.Later Monday afternoon, the Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office also announced that two other arrest warrants were to be issued for Moore and Harden.According to court documents, Moore is accused of swapping rifles with Vance. Harden is accused of initiating the call with Moore two exchange the weapons. She is also accused of providing bandages for Vance's gunshot wounds.Roach and Moore reportedly helped Vance heal from his gunshot wound.Moore reportedly went to a hardware store and bought a pair of needle nose pliers to try and remove the bullet that may have been lodged in Vance from the Wellston officer involved shooting, according to an affidavit.The United States Marshals Service arrested Danny Roach, 34, in connection to the manhunt for Michael Vance.The United States Marshals Service arrested Danny Roach, 34, in connection to the manhunt for Michael Vance.The United States Marshals Service arrested Danny Roach, 34, in connection to the manhunt for Michael Vance."
360,78,682298,"October 22, 2016",California,Oakland,77th and Bancroft Avenues,0,7,http://abc7news.com/news/oakland-shooting-leaves-7-victims-wounded/1569019/,WATCHLIVESeven people injured in East Oakland shootingOPD officers take cover after shots fired at them in East Oakland overnight. Story 6p abc7news.pic.twitter.com/J3IYT1FGE6
361,79,679290,"October 18, 2016",California,San Francisco,325 La Grande Ave,0,4,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2016/10/20/two-arrested-in-san-francisco-school-shooting/,"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — Police in San Francisco late Thursday afternoon confirmed that two people have been arrested in connection with the shooting at an Excelsior District high school earlier this week that left four students injured.Four suspects were seen fleeing the site of theSan Francisco high school shootingTuesday afternoon.Police said they responded to a report of shots fired in front of 325 La Grande Avenue Tuesday, which is the campus for both the June Jordan School for Equity and City Arts and Tech High School, at around 3:17 p.m. as both high schools were letting out for the day.Upon arrival, police found three students – two males and a female all 15 years old — had been wounded in a shooting.The three injured students had run back into the school bleeding after being shot in the parking lot.The female student was struck in the torso and was initially reported in critical condition with life-threatening injuries. A police spokeswoman said the girl’s condition has been upgraded to serious but still life-threatening on Wednesday.A fourth student showed up later at the Bayview police station with injuries from the shooting.The school was placed on lockdown to make sure there was no active shooter on site.“We did the best we could and we provided a safe space immediately,” said June Jordan Principal Jessica Huang.Three students suffered non-life threatening wounds, but the teenage girl who was shot in the torso was rushed to the hospital with critical injuries.While police confirmed the two arrests, they did not offer any additional details about the two people taken into custody or where the investigation stood in terms of finding the additional two suspects who were still at large."
362,81,677293,"October 15, 2016",Alabama,Mobile,1800 block of St Stephens Road,0,5,http://wkrg.com/2016/10/15/shooting-on-st-stephens-road-captured-on-facebook-live-video/,"WKRG News 5by:Emily DevoeUPDATE:Five People were shot, Four Adults and One Juvenile.Police tell News 5 that the injuries sustained are non-life threatening.ORIGINAL STORY:MPD investigating a shooting that happened on St. Stephens Road near the Rodger Williams Housing Projects just before 7 p.m. Saturday night.Local rapper C-Nile Afori was using Facebook LIVE during a block party when multiple shots rang out and could be heard in the video as well as people screaming and running for  cover. Police were already present at the block party at the time of the shooting.This shooting comes roughly 24 hours after a homicide on the same block of St. Stephens Road ( 1800).  MPD found a man lying on the side of the road with a gunshot wound and was taken to the hospital where he later died.News 5  has contacted Mobile Police to try to get more information about the Saturday’s shooting, but have not heard back yet. We’ll update this article as more information becomes available.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prosecutors fought hard to add a third-degree murder charge against former police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, but a conviction on that charge alone could set up a problematic scenario for them.That’s because another fired Minneapolis officer found guilty of third-degree murder has a pending appeal before the state Supreme Court — and if his conviction is overturned, it could mean a Chauvin conviction would fall, too.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.PENSACOLA, Fla. (WKRG) -- Caleb Houston started “Huts 4 Our Friends” this year in Pensacola with a mission to end homelessness. With help from the community and volunteers, they were able to build huts for those in need.However, Houston didn’t stop there and recently announced they will be opening a free rehabilitation center called ""HOPE."""
363,82,676686,"October 15, 2016",Illinois,Rockford,7801 East State St,1,5,http://www.rrstar.com/news/20161021/two-critically-wounded-remain-hospitalized-after-deadly-rockford-clock-tower-shooting,"ROCKFORD — Police continue to investigate a deadly Oct. 15 shooting at the Clock Tower Resort & Conference Center that left five wounded and one dead.Marcello Brown, 23, was shot and killed at a birthday party held in two rooms of the hotel.A critically wounded 19-year-old male and a critically wounded 21-year-old male remain hospitalized and in stable condition. An 18-year-old female shot in the leg and a 20-year-old male who was shot in the leg have been treated and released from area hospitals. An 18-year-old female shot in the head was transferred from the hospital to a rehabilitation facility, according to the Rockford Police Department.Police have declined to identify the victims of the shooting because of the ""sensitive nature of the investigation.""No arrests have been announced.Rockford code enforcement officers, fire investigators and police conducted a four-hour inspection on Thursday of the Clock Tower Resort.Building and health and life safety code violations were discovered during the inspection. Those included a faulty fire alarm system, faulty fire suppression systems, door security, outdated and untested automated fire extinguishers over the cooking areas of the kitchen, inoperable heating and cooling equipment, and electrical and plumbing problems.Inspectors ordered the hotel to hire a third party to provide fire protection and security on a 24-hour basis until repairs are made.Anyone with information is asked to call the Rockford police detectives at 779-500-6551 or Rockford Area Crime Stoppers at 815-963-7867.Jeff Kolkey: 815-987-1374; jkolkey@rrstar.com; @jeffkolkeyROCKFORD — Police continue to investigate a deadly Oct. 15 shooting at the Clock Tower Resort & Conference Center that left five wounded and one dead.Marcello Brown, 23, was shot and killed at a birthday party held in two rooms of the hotel.A critically wounded 19-year-old male and a critically wounded 21-year-old male remain hospitalized and in stable condition. An 18-year-old female shot in the leg and a 20-year-old male who was shot in the leg have been treated and released from area hospitals. An 18-year-old female shot in the head was transferred from the hospital to a rehabilitation facility, according to the Rockford Police Department.Police have declined to identify the victims of the shooting because of the ""sensitive nature of the investigation.""No arrests have been announced.Rockford code enforcement officers, fire investigators and police conducted a four-hour inspection on Thursday of the Clock Tower Resort.Building and health and life safety code violations were discovered during the inspection. Those included a faulty fire alarm system, faulty fire suppression systems, door security, outdated and untested automated fire extinguishers over the cooking areas of the kitchen, inoperable heating and cooling equipment, and electrical and plumbing problems.Inspectors ordered the hotel to hire a third party to provide fire protection and security on a 24-hour basis until repairs are made.Anyone with information is asked to call the Rockford police detectives at 779-500-6551 or Rockford Area Crime Stoppers at 815-963-7867.Jeff Kolkey: 815-987-1374; jkolkey@rrstar.com; @jeffkolkey© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Rockford Register Star  ~ 99 E. State St., Rockford, IL 61104~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
364,84,676376,"October 14, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,3300 block of W Maypole Ave,1,6,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/one-killed-6-wounded-in-east-garfield-park-shooting/,"Filed under:A man was killed and six others wounded in a shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side Friday night.At 8:18 p.m., the group was standing together outside in the 3300 block of West Maypole when someone inside a black vehicle driving east on Maypole began shooting, according to Chicago Police.Three men — ages 26, 27, 34 — took themselves to Mount Sinai hospital in good condition with gunshot wounds to the arms and legs. Jeffrey Brinson, 32, was taken with them and pronounced at dead at 8:33 p.m., according to police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.An autopsy Friday found that Brinson, of the 5100 block of West North Avenue, died of multiple gunshot wounds, the medical examiner’s office said. His death was ruled a homicide.A 31-year-old man was shot in the left arm and a 22-year-old woman was shot in the right foot, police said. Both were taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition. A 21-year-old woman suffered a graze wound to the face and was treated, but not taken to a hospital.A police source said all of the men who were shot are documented gang members.No one was in custody for the shooting as Area North detectives continued to investigate, police said.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
365,85,675993,"October 13, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,2700 block of West Lexington,0,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/at-least-three-shot-in-east-garfield-park/,"Filed under:Four men were shot Thursday afternoon in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side.The shooting happened about 1 p.m. in the 2700 block of West Lexington, according to Chicago Police.A 19-year-old was shot in the face, a 21-year-old was shot in the right thigh and an 18-year-old was also shot in the thigh, police said. All three were taken in serious condition to Mount Sinai Hospital.A fourth man, 31, was shot in the buttocks and taken to Stroger Hospital, where his condition stabilized, police said.The shooting is thought to be gang-related, police said.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
366,86,672203,"October 9, 2016",Michigan,Grand Rapids,1850 28th Street SE,1,8,http://www.mlive.com/news/grand-rapids/index.ssf/2017/03/gang_rivalry_motivates_shootin.html#incart_river_home,"Gallery: Grand Rapids deadly shooting 10.9.2016GRAND RAPIDS, MI - A rivalry between gangs may have been the motivation behind an October 2016 shooting that killed one and injured eight.On Monday, March 13, in a preliminary examination, witnesses testified against Jokari ""Trouble"" Lowery, who police identified as the shooter in the incident.Lowery, 20, was arrested in January and charged with open murder for the death of 21-year-old Juwan Boykin. Boykin and Lowery were attending a birthday party at a shuttered business at 1850 28thStreet SE when the shooting occurred.During his testimony, Devante Granderson said a past gang-related incident where someone urinated on the grave of an Uptown gang member may have motivated Lowery in the shooting.""He said, 'When I see a Seven (gang member), he's going to get killed,'"" Granderson told the court.At about 3:45 a.m. on Oct. 9, Grand Rapids Police responded to the report of a shooting at the 28th Street location. Boykin was found dead at the scene.Earlier in the night, there had been a birthday party in Muskegon. The Grand Rapids address, a closed clearance outlet, was the ""after party.""Witnesses testified about 60-80 people attended the party.Kyrell Ware was with Lowery the night before the shooting, along with another friend. The three stopped at Holly's Back Door Bar and Grill at 255 28thStreet SE and Lowery went inside to use the restroom, Ware testified.Inside, Ware said Lowery saw a member of the Highland Street gang. Lowery and Ware are both affiliated with the Uptown gang. The two gangs are rivals.Lowery and the man apparently did not exchange words. But Lowery told Ware that if the man had followed Lowery into the restroom, he would have shot him with the gun he had with him.""He said the man was looking at him funny,"" Eula Logins testified.Logins talked to Lowery at the party.""He said he was going to off them,"" she said. ""He kept mentioning he had a 30-round clip.""Lowery, Ware and their other friend left Holly's to go to the party in Ware's car. There was security outside patting down partygoers, so Lowery stored his gun in the car.Ware asked a girl to use her purse to carry his own gun into the party, which she did. Once inside, Ware did not get his gun back and later found out that Lowery had it. The two didn't see each other again until after the shooting, Ware testified.Ware didn't see the shooting, but said he saw Lowery again back at his car afterward.""He told me, 'I think I killed someone,'"" Ware testified. Ware said he never got his gun back.Another witness to the shooting, Willie Boyd, was with Boykin before he was shot. The two had known each other since childhood and were both affiliated with the Seven gang, which is allied with the Highland gang.Boyd went to the party on 28thStreet alone and met up with Boykin there.The two weren't together when Boykin got shot, but Boyd testified he was close enough to identify Lowery as the shooter. Lowery shot Boyd twice in the leg, Boyd testified.Nine people in total were shot including Boykin, who died as a result of his injuries. Eight others were injured in the shooting including four men and four women.Lowery was bound over for trial on five counts, including open murder and gang membership, which Judge David Buter said he thinks was the motivation for the crime. He also faces charges of carrying a concealed weapon, possession of a firearm by a felon and felonious possession of a firearm.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
367,87,672217,"October 9, 2016",California,Sacramento,1696 Arden Way,1,3,http://www.kcra.com/news/local-news/news-sacramento/3-injured-1-dead-following-shooting-outside-nightclub/42031436,"Sign up for daily emails with local updates and other important news.A man has died and three others were injured after a shooting Saturday outside a Sacramento nightclub, police said.The shooting happened about 2:17 a.m. near the La Nueva Tropicana Club on Arden Way, the Sacramento Police Department said.The four people were shot while standing in the parking lot of the club, police said. They were taken to various hospitals in the area with serious injuries, and one man died of his injuries.The Sacramento County Coroner's Office identified the man as Cesar Aleman Luna, 28, of Sacramento.The current conditions of the other victims have not been released.It is unclear if all the victims were club patrons, Sacramento police spokesperson Matt McPhail said. Officers believe the shooting happened after the club closed.No motive or suspect information was available at this time.This is the third fatal shooting investigation Sacramento homicide detectives are dealing with in the past 24 hours, police said.Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites."
368,88,671717,"October 8, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,7301 3rd Ave,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20161118/bay-ridge/ivan-jimenez-arrest-bay-ridge-bodega-shooting,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.BROOKLYN — A man was arrested for aBay Ridge bodega shooting that injured four people, according to police.Ivan Jimenez, 29, was arrested Thursday and charged with attempted murder, assault, reckless endangerment and criminal possession of a weapon after he and two other men shot four people inside the M&S Mini Market at 7301 Third Ave. last month.Jimenez and one of the other suspects fired a black handgun into the bodega Oct. 8, striking a 28-year-old man, 44-year-old man, 46-year-old man and 33-year-old man. All four victims survived and were in stable condition after the shooting, according to theNYPD.Jimenez, who lives at 510 58th St. in Sunset Park, has one prior arrest for weapons possession on April 30, 2016, a police spokeswoman said.Police are still looking for a man in his mid-to-late 20s who was last seen wearing a white shirt, long black shorts and a black baseball cap and another man also in his 20s who was wearing blue jeans, a black hoodie and black and white sneakers.The motive for the shooting was still unclear, the spokeswoman added.A worker at the market declined to comment.Next inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstNext inBay Ridge & BensonhurstCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
369,90,668407,"October 3, 2016",Minnesota,Minneapolis,Fourth St and Hennepin Ave,0,4,http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2016/10/04/downtown-minneapolis-shooting-charge/,"MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)— A Brooklyn Center man is facing charges Tuesday in connection with one of the two shootings in downtown Minneapolis early Monday morning.The Hennepin County Attorney’s office says Qumari Spencer, 19, is charged with one count of possession of a firearm by a prohibited person.According to the criminal complaint, Minneapolis police officers at the first precinct watching a surveillance feed noticed a large group fighting at Hennepin Avenue and 4th Street near the library. Officers said they saw the crowd duck and heard multiple gunshots as one man — later identified as Spencer — took a shooting stance.After the shooting near the library, police say Spencer ran towards the parking lot of the Gay 90s bar. There, an officer found Spencer and ordered him to the ground, but Spencer ran, according to the criminal complaint.Prosecutors say there are no charges yet in another shooting that occurred about 15 minutes early that morning just a few blocks away.If convicted, Spencer faces up to 15 years in prison and a $30,000 fine."
370,91,667984,"October 2, 2016",Texas,San Antonio,2600 South Flores Street,1,4,http://www.ksat.com/news/crime-stoppers-seek-tips-in-oct-2-fatal-shooting,"Ben Spicer, Digital JournalistBen Spicer, Digital JournalistSAN ANTONIO– The San Antonio Police Department and Crime Stoppers want the public’s assistance in tracking down the person responsible for a fatal shooting.Carla Rogue Valeriano, 25, was shot and killed around 1:54 a.m. on Oct. 2, 2016 on South Flores Street and Pruitt Avenue.According to police, Valeriano was standing with friends at the intersection when a silver or light blue sedan opened fire and then drove off. At this time, police do not have any suspect information.Anyone with any knowledge of the shooting  is urged to call Crime Stoppers at (210) 224-STOP.Tips can also be texted to CRIMES (274637) or by visiting the Crime Stoppers website.Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information that leads to an arrest.Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved.Ben Spicer is a digital journalist who works the early morning shift for KSAT.If you need help with the Public File, call 210-351-1241."
371,92,668279,"October 1, 2016",Illinois,Pembroke Township,17250E Road,4,0,https://www.daily-journal.com/news/crime/pembroke-man-found-guilty-of-murder/article_76d5404e-4459-11ea-a7b8-efc9c1fa1e24.html,"Please purchase a subscription to read our premium content. If you have a subscription, please log in or sign up for an account on our website to continue.Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.Snow showers this evening. Becoming partly cloudy later. Some rain may mix in. Low 27F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 60%..Snow showers this evening. Becoming partly cloudy later. Some rain may mix in. Low 27F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 60%.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 3:08 pmReporterJames E.BealsKANKAKEE — Emotions flared in a Kankakee County courtroom Friday as James E. Beals, 58, was found guilty in the October 2016 murder of Ralph Ledet.Members of Beals’ family erupted in tears and ran from the courtroom after Judge Kathy Bradshaw-Elliott read the jury’s verdict. They were followed by courthouse security and then additional members of the family. As the judge was polling the jury, commotion outside the courtroom could be heard. Extra security from Kankakee Police and sheriff’s deputies were called to the courthouse to maintain order.“This was a very tough case,” First Assistant State’s Attorney Joe Kosman said. “I’m glad we got justice for Ralph.”Ledet, 46, of Pembroke Township, was shot and killed in the early morning hours of Oct. 1, 2016. Prosecutors say Beals, also of Pembroke Township, shot Ledet twice in the head with a 9-mm handgun. Ledet’s body was found lying in the driveway of an abandoned trailer on 17250E Road near the site where he, Beals and another man attempted to steal a cattle gate.After hearing a gunshot, the three men returned to their vehicle, a 1997 Ford Explorer owned by Beals’ wife. The third man, who is not beingidentified by the Daily Journal as he was a witness, testified in court this week that Beals shot Ledet in the head while they were still parked at the scene. He further testified that Beals exited the vehicle and pulled Ledet out and shot him again in the head.Prior to attempting to steal the gate, all three men were at a known drug house in Pembroke the night of Sept. 30, 2016. A drug dealer who was at the trailer also testified against Beals.As Beals awaited transport back to Jerome Combs Detention Center, he told the Daily Journal that the two men’s testimony was untrue.“They told lies to get out of trouble,” Beals said. “They destroyed my life.”Concerns of the defenseWith the guilty verdict, Beals faces a sentencing range of 45 years to life. But his attorneys — Bart Beals and Cierra Norris, both of Chicago — argue there may be grounds for a new trial.“There are some significant issues for a new trial,” said Bart Beals, who is not related to James Beals.Those issues, he said, came during closing arguments.Before the trial started, Elliott granted a defense motion prohibiting prosecutors from mentioning their theory that Beals set his Ford Explorer on fire on Oct. 3, 2016, to conceal evidence. In her closing arguments, Assistant State’s Attorney Erika Hamer made mention of that possibility.That fire was discussed Thursday during testimony from Kankakee County Sheriff Cpl. Emerson Rushing.Rushing testified that in an Oct. 5, 2016, interview with investigators, Beals said he was smoking crack in the vehicle when his lighter fell on the floorboard and ignited gas that had leaked out of a weed wacker that was in the front-passenger area.As part of their investigation of the vehicle fire, police searched Beals’ property with the consent of his wife. In that search, police say they found a case for a 9-mm pistol and a box of .38 caliber ammunition. Rushing testified Beals became a person of interest in Ledet’s death following the search.“There’s a pretty good chance we will get a new trial,” Bart Beals said.James Beals is scheduled to be back in court Feb. 13.James E.BealsReporterJeff Bonty has worked for The Daily Journal since September 1986, starting in the sports department before moving to news reporting in 2002. He's a native of Indiana and graduate of Purdue University. His email is jbonty@daily-journal.com.Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles."
372,94,665995,"September 29, 2016",California,San Francisco,400 block of Ellis St,1,3,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2017/03/16/stockton-residents-arrested-in-tenderloin-shooting-that-killed-1-injured-3/,"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — Two Stockton residents have been arrested in connection with a shooting that killed one man and injured three other people in San Francisco’s Tenderloin neighborhood last September, police said Thursday.Darrick Devereaux, 41, and Linda Jimenez, 22, were arrested last Saturday in the area of O’Farrell and Jones streets in San Francisco inconnection with the Sept. 29 murder of 44-year-old Shunsie Ellis.Ellis was found lying on the ground in the 400 block of Ellis Street just before 1 a.m. after a report of a shooting.Ellis died at the scene while a 59-year-old man, a 49-year-old woman and a 53-year-old man suffered gunshot wounds including ones to the leg and foot, police said.No arrests were made at the scene, but investigators eventually identified Devereaux and Jimenez as suspects and arrested them after executing a search warrant.The search recovered three semi-automatic firearms and an assault rifle, as well as nearly a quarter-pound of suspected narcotics, police said.Devereaux has been charged with murder, three counts of attempted murder and three counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm. He remains in custody with bail set at $5 million, and has a preliminary hearing scheduled for March 23, according to court and jail records.Jimenez was arrested on suspicion of being an accessory to crime and multiple narcotics offenses, according to police. More information on her case status was not available Thursday.Police are asking anyone with information on this case to contact them at (415) 575-4444 or to text a tip to TIP411 with “SFPD” at the start of the message.© Copyright 2017 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed."
373,95,663624,"September 26, 2016",North Carolina,Winston Salem (Winston-salem),100 block of 5 Royales Dr,0,4,http://myfox8.com/2016/09/27/police-arrest-suspected-shooter-in-winston-salem-drive-by-shooting/,"myfox8.comby:FOX8 Digital DeskJaquan Deshawn GoreWINSTON-SALEM, N.C. — Police have arrested the suspected shooter in a drive-by shooting in a Winston-Salem neighborhood that injured four people.Jaquan Deshawn Gore faces numerous charges including discharging a firearm in city limits, discharging a firearm into an occupied building and assault with a deadly weapon.Gore also faces two counts each of assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury and assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill.Police said officers were called to 104 Five Royales Drive at about 3:25 p.m. Monday in reference to the incident.The victims were at the home when a dark SUV drove past, according to police. A passenger in the SUV allegedly started firing a handgun multiple times at the home, injuring the victims.The victims were taken to Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center and are in stable condition with non-life-threatening injuries, according to police.Police have identified the victims as 18-year-old Myrick Malone Dodd, 23-year-old Richaad Deon Dodd, 46-year-old Earnest Dean Dodd and 25-year-old Keith Reynard Bristow Jr.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.KILL DEVIL HILLS, N.C. (WAVY) — There's a new ride in town and it's driverless.The Connected Autonomous Shuttle Supporting Innovation, or CASSI for short, just debuted at the Wright Brothers National Memorial in Kill Devil Hills.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prosecutors fought hard to add a third-degree murder charge against former police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, but a conviction on that charge alone could set up a problematic scenario for them.That’s because another fired Minneapolis officer found guilty of third-degree murder has a pending appeal before the state Supreme Court — and if his conviction is overturned, it could mean a Chauvin conviction would fall, too."
374,99,662342,"September 24, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,Greenmount Ave and Preston St,0,8,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/bs-md-multiple-shooting-0925-20160924-story.html,"Baltimore police said eight people — including a 3-year-old girl — were struck by gunfire Saturday evening in a shooting in the 700 block of Preston St.The incident occurred about 8:30 p.m. Police said three assailants — one armed with a shotgun and the other two with handguns — fled on foot after the attack and were at large late Saturday night.At a news conference at the scene, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis and Police Department spokesman T.J. Smith said none of the injuries were considered life-threatening.Davis said officers had gathered enough information that he was ""very comfortable"" in saying Saturday's attack was in retaliation for a Labor Day shooting that left one person dead. Police have made an arrest in that case, he said.Police said the three gunmen approached a group of people gathered in front of a home on Preston Street and opened fire. A father and his 3-year-old daughter who were nearby were struck as well.""The three shooters emerged — one from a dark alley, and two from up the street,"" said Davis. ""They stopped short of the crowd and began firing.""Other than the child, the injured included a woman in her 30s, and six men in their 20s and 30s. Police did not identify the victims, and no description was available of the gunmen.Davis said the shooters ""need not to just be in jail, but underneath a jail.""He and Smith said police were already getting leads from the public to aid the investigation and urged anyone with information to call 410-396-2221.Police reported that five other people had been shot over the weekend, including an 8-year-old boy who suffered non-life-threatening injuries when he was shot in the foot in the 600 block of S. Smallwood St. at 6:30 p.m.; and an adult man who walked into a hospital at 7:19 p.m. seeking treatment for a gunshot wound.Earlier, officials said a 26-year-old man was in ""grave"" condition after being shot at 1:08 p.m. Saturday in the first block of S. Carey St. And Friday evening about 11:30, officers were called to the 4300 block of Seminole Ave. and found one man, 27, shot in the arm and another, 18, shot in the hand.Police at the scene of the Preston Street shooting had several blocks taped off, and officers had marked areas on Preston between Greenmount and Homewood avenues were they found shell casings.Several residents were gathered outside as officers worked the scene.Charles Pullen, 45, said he was sitting on the steps of a liquor store at Greenmount and Preston, and took cover when he heard the shots.""It was like they were bouncing off the walls,"" Pullen said. ""It was like World War II going on.""A woman who identified herself as Kisha but declined to give her last name was coming home Saturday evening after attending a baby shower. Wearing a pink tutu that was part of the party attire, she said she heard people in her neighborhood had been shot, and was disturbed by the violence.""There's always something,"" she said.crentz@baltsun.comRecommended"
375,101,657854,"September 18, 2016",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,3001 Castor Avenue,0,4,http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160919_Philly_marks_second_mass_shooting_in_two_days.html,
376,103,657863,"September 18, 2016",Virginia,Lynchburg,421 Rivermont Ave,1,3,http://www.wdbj7.com/content/news/Lynchburg-shooting-victims-mother-seeks-answers-394022861.html,"Outside a family home Monday, Valarie Turpin showed WDBJ7 the badge her son wore as the coach of a youth football team.""He was a very, very talented and very smart young fellow,"" Turpin said.Shawn Johnson volunteered with the R.S. Payne Dragons, a team made up of 11- and 12-year-old boys from his neighborhood.He was passionate about sports.""He loved his fishing, he loved his hunting, and he loved his dogs,"" Turpin said, standing composed by shaken following her son's death from an apparent drive-by shooting.Johnson was walking with friends along Rodes Street on Sunday morning, after leaving the JazzE Ellington night club. Police say someone pulled up in a vehicle and fired gunshots.Four people were hit, including Johnson. He died at a nearby hospital.""I can't express how I feel right now, but I know he's looking down on us and standing right here beside us,"" Turpin said.JazzE was hosting a benefit concert for another young man who recently died. Turpin said her son was at the club to support the fundraiser, but she doesn't know why someone would want to kill him outside the event.""If there is anyone out there that has anything to help the police like pictures, cell phone videos, or just talk on the street please come forward so that we can get justice done for my son,"" Turpin said.One of the people shot here Sunday was taken to a hospital with what police call ""critical"" injuries. The other two were not seriously hurt.. No one has been arrested or charged in connection with the shooting.JazzE is hosting what it calls a ""Stop the Violence"" event this Thursday. The owner says she wants to get rid of myths about what happened here yesterday, and start an open conversation about violence in the city."
377,104,657634,"September 17, 2016",District of Columbia,Washington,2600 block of Birney Pl SE,2,7,http://wjla.com/news/local/police-on-scene-of-a-shooting-in-southeast-dc,
378,106,657136,"September 17, 2016",Florida,Orlando,3918 Columbia St,1,6,http://www.clickorlando.com/news/1-dead-6-injured-in-orlando-shooting,"Daniel Dahm, Digital Content ManagerDaniel Dahm, Digital Content ManagerORLANDO, Fla.– Orlando police have released pictures and videos of a vehicle involved in the fatal drive-by shooting outside of an Orlando pool hall.Police said the culprits in a gray Hyundai Sonata opened fire on a crowd of people, killing Dwayne Antoine Stuart, 37, who is not believed to not been the target of the shooting.The Sonata was reported stolen to Orlando Police Sept. 1 and was found burning on Sept. 17 just after 4 a.m. in the 100 block of N John St in Orlando, just minutes after the drive-by shooting, according to police. The culprits then got into another vehicle, possibly a Dodge Charger, and police are urging the driver to come forward.The shooting was reported around 3:35 a.m. in the 3900 block of Columbia Street.Orlando police said the shooting took place in the road near Sam's Supermarket at 3930 Columbia St. as patrons were leaving a neighboring pool hall.Two of the other six victims were released from the hospital, police said. The other four are in stable condition, according to police.""Right now, we do not have a suspect description to provide,"" police said in an email.Residents who live nearby told News 6 that they woke up to hearing numerous gunshots.""It was going through all night. Just shots. Pop, pop, pop. That's all you could hear,"" Kay Fedd said.Police blocked off Columbia Street for hours as it was covered in shell casings and bullet-riddled cars.""It's always something happening here, but not like this. This was over the extreme,"" Fedd said.""I just saw people running inside and running outside,"" said ""Mr. C,"" who works security at the pool hall and added that Stuart was his friend.""He's a real good person. He worked. He's not a bad guy. He doesn't do nothing. He's got kids,"" he said.As the sun came up, more family and friends gathered across the street and cried, watching as investigators took pictures and gathered evidence in an effort to figure out who pulled the trigger.""Something has got to be done. It's too much, you know. There's a lot of hard-working people and they come home like me -- I come home and I'm scared to go back out,"" Fedd said.Watch News 6 and stay with ClickOrlando.com for more on this story.Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.Daniel started with WKMG-TV in 2000 and became the digital content manager in 2009. When he's not working on ClickOrlando.com, Daniel likes to head to the beach or find a sporting event nearby.If you need help with the Public File, call 407-291-6000."
379,107,657151,"September 17, 2016",Indiana,Indianapolis,2016 West 76th Street,2,2,http://fox59.com/2016/09/22/third-person-dies-after-weekend-shooting-on-citys-northwest-side/,"Fox 59by:FOX59 WebINDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – A third person has died followinga weekend shooting on the northwest sideof Indianapolis, family members told FOX59.The shooting happened just after 12:30 a.m. Saturday in the 2000 block of West 76th Street. Officers responded to call about shots fired in the area.When they arrived, they found a man had been shot in the hand. They found one of the victims, Antonio Kelley, 23, unresponsive. EMS medics pronounced him dead at the scene.Around 1 a.m., IMPD received a second call about a person shot in the 7200 block of North Michigan Road. Police found a man suffering from a gunshot wound; he went to St. Vincent Hospital in serious condition. That victim died days later. The Marion County Coroner’s Office identified him as Elishama Pierre, 24.Pierre was shot in the head. His death was ruled a homicide.Around 1:30 a.m., investigators were alerted to a person down in a parking lot. Police said the man, Derrius Brandon, 23, had also been shot. He was pronounced dead.IMPD believed the shootings were related and will continue to investigate.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.INDIANAPOLIS -- The results of a recent high-intensity patrol blitz show there is still a lot of work to do when it comes to reducing distracted driving among Hoosiers, according to public safety officials.“We have to have a shift in culture to view distracted driving as dangerous and socially unacceptable,” said Indiana Criminal Justice Institute Executive Director Devon McDonald.CORONA, Calif. (KTLA) -- A California man accused of physically assaulting a Korean American couple and threatening a Japanese American Olympic athlete has been arrested, authorities said Monday.Michael Vivona, 25, is accused of punching the two elderly Korean Americans in the face Sunday at Grijalva Park in Orange, California, the same place where he is accused of targeting U.S. Olympic karate athlete Sakura Kokumai on April 1, according to police.INDIANAPOLIS––The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) is asking the public to help identify a man they believe robbed a gas station on April 7.Police said a man wearing a Batman t-shirt walked into the Circle K Gas Station on the 8900 block of South Emerson Avenue around 3:03 a.m. and announced the robbery."
380,108,656991,"September 16, 2016",California,Los Angeles (Hollywood),555 N Heliotrope Dr,2,2,http://ktla.com/2016/09/17/2-men-injured-in-east-hollywood-shooting-expected-to-survive-1-victim-identified/,"KTLAby:Cindy Von Quednow,Erin Myers,Steve KuzjOne of two men who were shot to death in East Hollywood Friday night has been identified, and two other men who were critically injured are expected to survive, officials said Saturday.The shooting was reported around 8 p.m. at 555 N. Heliotrope Drive, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.Two men were killed and two others were injured.Walter Martinez Jr., 23, was identified by the Los Angeles County County Department of Medical Examiner-Coroner Saturday.The other victims are believed to be in their 20s and at least one of them lived near where the shooting occurred.The shooter apparently walked up to a crowd of people and several shots were fired, a witness told KTLA. Police hope to speak to more witnesses and the surviving victims, said Detective Ray Martinez.Police did not have a detailed description of the suspect. It is unclear if the shooting is gang-related, but the area is known for gang activity, Martinez said.Anyone with information about the shooter is asked to call the LAPD’s Rampart Division, which is handling the investigation, at 213-484-3400.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access."
381,109,657023,"September 16, 2016",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,5100 block of Sansom St,2,5,http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160920_Bouncer_shot_in_rampage_has_3_jobs__2_kids__and_is_married_to_a_cop.html,
382,111,654087,"September 13, 2016",Indiana,Fort Wayne,1723 E Wayne St,3,2,http://wane.com/2016/09/14/victims-of-triple-homicide-at-sports-bar-idd/,"WANE 15by:WANE Staff ReportsFORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) The three men killed in the early Tuesday shooting of five people at the Sports and Spirits Bar along East Wayne Street have been identified.Nicholas Lee Powers, 30; Demario Laquan Burnett, 21; and Jerry Trivon Coleman, 31 all died of gunshot wounds, the Allen County Coroner said early Wednesday. The deaths of each men were ruled homicides, a collection that pushed the county’s total to 34 in 2016.Fort Wayne Police were called were before 2:30 a.m. Tuesday to the sports bar at 1723 East Wayne Street. When officers arrived, a crowd of people was found inside and outside the bar, according to Public Information Officer John Chambers.People were cleared out of the building, which police spokesman Michael Joyner described Tuesday as “packed,” and officers and paramedics found the victims. Paramedics gave them medical attention, but the men were pronounced dead.Two other people – both juveniles – were taken privately to a hospital and in good condition.Witnesses told police they heard gunshots inside the bar and saw a person running from the scene. Investigators were working to collect more information from witnesses.Police don’t have any suspect information and no arrests have been made.Tuesday was not Fort Wayne Police’s first time at the Sports and Spirits Bar. According to department records, officers have been called to the bar 436 times in the last ten years. Twelve shootings were reported in that time, along with seven stabbings and 19 claims of shots being fired.Hours after the last call, owner Burke Baughman voluntarilyrelinquished the establishment’s liquor licenseback to the state and said they do not plan to reopen. It ended a court battle over the bar’s liquor license that dated some two years.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.RIDGELAND, Miss. (WJTV) – When you turn 105, there may not be a lot you want for your birthday, but a Mississippi woman had one wish: to meet former NFL player Tim Tebow.After her story made news last week, he granted her wish.PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – A Florida woman is behind bars after deputies say she assaulted an Uber driver in an unprovoked attack Saturday.According to the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Office, 55-year-old Michele Stilwell began to choke the man while he was driving.(NEXSTAR) – Marijuana activist groups are helping the vaccination drive Tuesday by giving adults a ""joint for a jab.""The vaccination drives are taking place on 4/20, of course, in New York City, Washington D.C. and other U.S. cities."
383,114,652561,"September 11, 2016",Michigan,Saginaw,2207 Pierce Road,0,5,http://www.abc12.com/content/news/Security-increased-at-apartment-complex-where-5-people-were-shot-393573091.html,"(09/15/16) - There will be more security at the apartment complex near a Mid-Michigan university where five people were shot and injured last weekend.Law enforcement agencies and the owner of the Campus Village apartments held a press conference Thursday morning to unveil changes in security at the complex.There was one Saginaw County sheriff's deputy in another part of the complex when that shooting occurred early Sunday morning. There will be one more deputy there this weekend.Saginaw County Sheriff Bill Federspiel, Michigan State Police Lieutenant Dave Simon and John Leuenberger, who owns the complex, made that announcement at the apartments Thursday morning.“What we are looking at here is something we have not dealt with before,” Federspiel said.There was a large party Saturday night that continued Sunday morning at the complex, which is across the street from Saginaw Valley State University property.Police believe a man pulled out a gun and shot five people, all who are recovering with minor injuries.Not only will there be one more deputy, Michigan State Police will devote some resources in the vicinity of the complex to keep a closer eye on large parties.Leuenberger says the complex had five security officers on site as well and will try to keep the size of the parties under control. He doesn't believe there was 1,000 people at the party, but he agrees the crowd was too large.“We are working with university and the police departments to correct what was wrong and it will be down,” he said.“It’s in all of our best interests to do whatever we can to develop effective strategies to make sure this doesn't happen again,” Simon said.SVSU President Don Bachand has met with police and the complex owners.“We have improved our methods of communicating with one another. We had difficulty communicating with the management folks shortly after the event,” he said.Bachand says the school has no jurisdiction over the complex, but the two entities are working on a memorandum - a working agreement to prevent similar problems.Bachand wants an agreement sooner, rather than later.“There is some urgency to what we are doing here,” he said.Federspiel says the search continues for the gunman."
384,116,652642,"September 11, 2016",Indiana,Fort Wayne,3006 Holton Avenue,3,1,http://journalgazette.net/article/20190725/WEB/190729933,"Marcus Dansby, who admitted to the grisly slayings of four people, including his unborn child, in 2016, was sentenced today to 300 years in prison.Dansby, 23, pleaded guilty but mentally ill to killing Consuela Arrington, 37, Traeven Harris, 18, Dajahiona Arrington, 18, and the near-term fetus she was carrying. The slayings happened on Sept. 11, 2016, at 3006 Holton Ave.In court this morning, a Fort Wayne police detective was heard on a recording calling the scene ""a house of horrors.""Sgt. Michael Bell of the Fort Wayne Police Department was among the first on the scene around 4 a.m. that day and described gruesome injuries to the victims. He described blood-stained walls and a handrail leading to the upstairs of the home.Bell, who patrols the city's southeast side, said he still has trouble driving past the home.""I don't like to think about it,"" he said. ""It definitely does affect me every time I drive down that street. I try not to think about it -- otherwise, it's so invasive and overwhelming.""Witnesses for defense attorneys Michelle Kraus and Robert Gevers testified Dansby was a caring, dedicated friend and family member.A friend said Dansby cared for his brother after the brother was shot.Dansby faced a minimum sentence of 205 years and up to 320 years in prison.mleblanc@jg.netShare this article"
385,117,652759,"September 11, 2016",New Jersey,Jersey City,87 Van Wagenen Ave,1,3,https://www.nj.com/hudson/index.ssf/2018/08/post_981.html#incart_river_index,"Gallery: Multiple people shot in Jersey CityJERSEY CITY-- A 21-year-old Jersey City man faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to the aggravated manslaughter of a man who wasshot in the headin 2016 and wounding three women.Kenneth L. Barnes, of Orient Avenue, pleaded guilty to the homicide of Shaheer Parson, 35, who was found by responding police officers with a head wound on Van Wagenen Avenue on Sept. 11.Parson was pronounced dead at the scene, between Pavonia and Sip avenues, about 10 minutes later at 2:10 a.m.That morning, three wounded women were located nearby. Two women, ages 32 and 24 at the time, were shot once in the upper body, while a 35-year-old woman was shot multiple times in the upper body.The women were rushed to the Jersey City Medical Center, Hudson County Prosecutor Esther Suarez said at the time.Barnes was arrested Dec. 14, 2016 and pleaded guilty Wednesday before Hudson County Superior Court Judge Mark Nelson in the Hudson County Administration Building in Jersey City. He is scheduled to be sentenced by Nelson on Oct. 19, Hudson County Prosecutor's Office spokesman Ray Worrall said.Probable cause for the charges was listed as surveillance footage from the night of the offense, witness statements, and the findings of the state Regional Medical Examiner's Office. That autopsy found that Parson died of the gunshot wound to his head and the manner of his death was homicide.At a prior hearing, Hudson County Prosecutor Najma Rana said Barnes had been arrested twice in November 2016 on numerous drug charges. Information on the outcome of the drug charges was not immediately available this morning.Worrall did not comment on a potential motive for shootings.Barnes' bail was set at $1 million cash only when he made his first court appearance on the charged the day following his arrest. He has remained in custody since his arrest.The case is being handled by Hudson County Assistant Prosecutor Jane Weiner.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
386,118,652175,"September 10, 2016",Florida,Miami,3451 Northwest 36 Street,1,3,http://www.local10.com/news/crime/man-arrested-in-fatal-shooting-outside-nightclub-in-miami,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorMIAMI– A convicted felon was arrested Thursday in connection with a fatal shooting outside a nightclub in Miami.According to an arrest warrant, Fridnel Jean-Phillip, 25, was inside the El Nuevo Romance Restaurant & Nightclub early on Sept. 10 when he got into an argument with someone.Police said Jean-Phillip and the other person, whose identity has not been released, left the club at Northwest 36th Street and 35th Avenue with their groups and continued their verbal argument.Surveillance video shows Jean-Phillip going to his car to grab a gun and firing it at the other group, police said.Police said the other person returned fire and Jean-Phillip fled the scene.Officers found Michael Tito Lorenzo, 24, lying on the ground with a gunshot wound to the face. He was pronounced dead at the scene.A witness told detectives that Jean-Phillip fired the shot that struck Lorenzo.Three other people were also struck by bullets and were taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Ryder Trauma Center.Police said a man also broke his leg after jumping a fence to get away from the shooting.Jean-Phillip was arrested Thursday on charges of first-degree murder, first-degree attempted murder and being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
387,121,648884,"September 5, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,2700 block of W Lexington Ave,2,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160906/garfield-park/2-men-killed-3-wounded-east-garfield-park-drive-by-shooting,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.EAST GARFIELD PARK — Two men were killed and three were wounded, one critically, in a shooting in East Garfield Park late Monday night, police said.The group was standing on the sidewalk in the 2700 block of West Lexington Street when someone shot at them from a passing silver minivan, according to a police incident report.One man, 22, was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital after being shot in his chest and thigh, police said. Charles Smith III, 22, of Harvey, was pronounced dead at 11 p.m., according to Cook County Medical Examiner's Office records. An autopsy showed he died of multiple gunshot wounds in a homicide.One of the men was taken to Stroger Hospital with a gunshot wound in his chest, police said. Dequan Trimble, 22, of the 2700 block of West Pole, was pronounced dead at 11:19 p.m., according to Cook County Medical Examiner's Office records. An autopsy showed he died of a gunshot wound in his torso in a homicide.Police said the man was a documented gang member.A 16-year-old boy was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition with a gunshot wound in his chest, police said.A 17-year-old was also taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was in serious condition after being shot in his chest, police said.A 20-year-old man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital and listed in serious condition with gunshot wounds in his right arm and buttocks.No one is in custody, police said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
388,123,647865,"September 4, 2016",Virginia,Roanoke,1020 Orange Ave NE,1,10,http://www.wdbj7.com/content/news/Man-charged-with-murder-scheduled-to-be-in-court-Tuesday-398303751.html,"Charges have been dropped against a man accused of a shooting at a Roanoke bar that killed one person and injured 10 others back in September.Prosecutors say at this time, they did not have enough evidence to proceed with charges against Jermaine Brown.Jermaine Black, 26, died in the shooting on September 4 at Monster’s Bar and Grill on Orange Avenue.Roanoke Assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney Joshua Dietz said prosecutors are still waiting for evidence to come back from the state lab. He described the crime scene at Monster’s as complicated.Once more evidence is returned, Dietz said it’s possible that Brown or others could be charged.Brown is expected to be released from jail.Dietz said witnesses have cooperated, but there’s “certainly room for more people to come forward.”The man charged with murder in a shooting at Monster's Bar and Grill in Roanoke is scheduled to be in front of a judge.In all, ten people were hurt and one left dead from the shooting in early September. Jermaine Brown is scheduled to be in court Tuesday his preliminary hearing.Police say Brown killed 26 year-old Jermaine Black. The shooting happened at Monster's Bar and Grill on Orange Avenue back on September 4.Roanoke Police say people were running out of the building and leaving in cars, arriving at local hospitals throughout that morning. We talked with Jermaine Black's family about his death. Angela Hopson took care of him since he was three. She's still heartbroken about the young life gone too soon.Angela Hopson, Caretaker, said, “I have my moments -- but it's like, I know he's never going to come through those doors again, so it's been rough.”She doesn't feel bad at all for the person who allegedly did this.“I mean I don't know what to say because he took my son's life,” she said. “I'm very angry when it comes to him. I don't know him, didn't know him, so all I can say is I want justice.”Quanisha Pannell, Black’s cousin, said, “We as the family, we need justice. We need answers, and I want to know why.”That hearing is scheduled for 11:00 Tuesday.Roanoke City Police say the shooting is still under investigation and additional people may be charged."
389,124,646995,"September 3, 2016",North Carolina,Wilmington,600 block of North 30th St,1,3,http://www.starnewsonline.com/news/20160910/one-week-later-one-of-four-creekwood-shooting-victims-dies,"WILMINGTON -- Police say a man shot in Creekwood last Saturday, Sept. 3 has died.Darryl Freeman, 28, died this morning at around 10 a.m., said Wilmington Police Department spokeswoman Linda Rawley. Freeman was one of four shooting victims after a man in a white car opened fire on a group of people near the park in Creekwood just after 2:40 p.m. Three other victims, 21-year-old Wakeel Stewart, Maurice Bellamy, 25; and Tyree Johnson, 20, were treated in the hospital and released.Rawley said detectives has no leads in the case, as witnesses are not cooperating.The city's automated gunfire detection system registered 23 rounds of gunfire, according to police radio traffic for the incident.Anyone with information may call the WPD at 910-343-3609 or anonymously submit a tip via Text-A-Tip. Send “Tip708” and the information to 274637 (CRIMES).Reporter Ashley Morris can be reached at 910-343-2096 or Ashley.Morris@starnewsonline.comWILMINGTON -- Police say a man shot in Creekwood last Saturday, Sept. 3 has died.Darryl Freeman, 28, died this morning at around 10 a.m., said Wilmington Police Department spokeswoman Linda Rawley. Freeman was one of four shooting victims after a man in a white car opened fire on a group of people near the park in Creekwood just after 2:40 p.m. Three other victims, 21-year-old Wakeel Stewart, Maurice Bellamy, 25; and Tyree Johnson, 20, were treated in the hospital and released.Rawley said detectives has no leads in the case, as witnesses are not cooperating.The city's automated gunfire detection system registered 23 rounds of gunfire, according to police radio traffic for the incident.Anyone with information may call the WPD at 910-343-3609 or anonymously submit a tip via Text-A-Tip. Send “Tip708” and the information to 274637 (CRIMES).Reporter Ashley Morris can be reached at 910-343-2096 or Ashley.Morris@starnewsonline.com© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Wilmington Star News  ~ 115 N. 3rd St., Suite 400, Wilmington NC 28401~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
390,125,646855,"September 3, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,100 block of North Seeley Avenue,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160903/west-town/west-town-shooting-wounds-4-men-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A shooting in West Town left four men wounded early Saturday, police said.At 3:30 a.m., the men were in the 100 block of North Seeley Avenue when they were shot, police said.A 21-year-old man was hit in his right ankle, a 34-year-old man was hit in his legs, a 36-year-old man was hit in his right leg and a 39-year-old man was hit in his right leg, police said. They were taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition.Officers found a gun at the scene. The victims have been uncooperative, police said, and the circumstances of the shooting are being investigated.No one was in custody.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownNext inWicker Park & BucktownCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
391,127,643824,"August 30, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Englewood),6800 block of South Ashland,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160831/englewood/englewood-shootings-wound-2-teens-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.ENGLEWOOD — Three separate shootings left six people wounded, including a 14-year-old boy, in Englewood Tuesday night, police said.• Most recently, at 10:10 p.m., four people were shot in the 6800 block of South Ashland Avenue, according to a police incident report.The two men and two women were standing in front of a restaurant when someone emerged from a vacant lot and shot at them, police said.A 59-year-old woman was shot in her left knee and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, police said.A 22-year-old man was taken to Stroger Hospital after being shot in his right arm.A 24-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman were taken to Holy Cross Hospital, where they were each treated for a gunshot wound in their leg, police said.Police could not provide any of their conditions but said all four were ""stable.""• At 8:05 p.m., a 14-year-old boy was walking on the sidewalk in the 600 block of West 61st Place with a friend pulled out a gun and showed it to him, according to Officer Michelle Tannehill, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.The gun went off and hit the boy in his lower right leg, Tannehill said.The boy was taken to Comer Children's Hospital, where he was listed in good condition, police said.• At 7:42 p.m., an 18-year-old man was standing at the corner of 57th Street and Bishop Street when someone shot at him from a passing car, Tannehill said.The man was taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was listed in good condition after being shot in his right leg, Tannehill said.Police said the man is a documented gang member.No one is in custody, police said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
392,128,641732,"August 29, 2016",New Jersey,Egg Harbor City,907 White Horse Pike,1,5,https://www.nj.com/atlantic/2019/08/3-gunmen-going-to-prison-for-rolling-shootout-on-atlantic-city-expressway-that-left-1-dead-several-wounded.html,"From left: Wilbert Demosthenes, Devan Leggette and Anthony Hicks.Three New Jersey men have been sentenced to more than a dozen years in state prison for their roles in awild 2016 shootout along the Atlantic City Expresswaythat left one dead and five injured.Wilbert Demosthenes, 28, received a 17-year sentence, Anthony Hicks, 27, got 16 years and Devan Leggette was handed a 13-year term, the Atlantic County Prosecutor’s Office said Thursday.The three - all Pleasantville residents - each pleaded guilty to a charge of attempted murder on July 2. The shootouttook place on Aug. 29, 2016.A front seat passenger in Hicks’ Nissan Maxima - Rosemond Octavius - was killed in the shootout.No one was charged with the murder ofOctavius because prosecutors said his group were the aggressorsin the shootout, BreakingAC.com reported.The violence was sparked by a confrontation between Yahshaun Stukes-Williams and Leggette in a bathroom at the Atlantic County courthouse earlier that day, BreakingAC.com reported.The shooting began a short time later - around 2:55 p.m.- when the occupants of a Ford Expedition and the Maxima began exchanging gunfire on the eastbound side of the Expressway near milepost 11.8.Leggette then drove a Dodge Ram pickup truck from the far right entrance ramp and pinned the Expedition between the Dodge and Maxima. Leggette and Demosthenes, a passenger in the truck, began shooting into the right side of the Expedition, hitting all four people in the vehicle.Hicks got off the Expressway at Exit 7A and eventually stopped on the Garden State Parkway when the left front wheel fell off off the Nissan. Hicks was injured and Octavious had fatal gunshot wounds to the head and neck.The Expedition pulled into a parking lot at at Wawa on Delilah Road in Egg Harbor Township. It had been struck by gunfire 21 times and was missing a rear tire.The Dodge Ram got off at Exit 5 in Pleasantville. Police located the vehicle two days later at a house on Oakland Avenue in Pleasantville. Investigators found blood in the truck from Demosthene, who took himself to a hospital in Philadelphia after the shootout to get treatment of a gunshot wound to his arm.Two adults in the Expedition - Shaun Stukes and his adult son Yahshaun Stukes-Williams - were previously convicted of weapons offenses. Shaun Stukes, who is serving a five year stint in state prison, also was convicted of eluding.The occupants of a Ford Expedition were involved in a shootout on the Atlantic City Expressway in 2016 that left one dead and four hurt.Jeff Goldman may be reached atjeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter@JeffSGoldman.Have a tip?Tell us:nj.com/tips.Get the latest updates right in your inbox.Subscribe to NJ.com’s newsletters.Jeff Goldman may be reached atjeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter@JeffSGoldman.Have a tip? Tell us.nj.com/tipsGet the latest updates right in your inbox.Subscribe to NJ.com’s newsletters.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
393,129,641419,"August 28, 2016",Texas,Lubbock,2200 block of 17th St,0,6,http://www.kcbd.com/story/32860607/6-people-robbed-shot-in-central-lubbock,"LUBBOCK, TX (KCBD) - Lubbock police are searching for gunmen in robbery that left six people injured.Residents say seven people were walking in the 2200 block of 17th Street around 10:20 p.m. Sunday when they were approached by two men.""They were trying to rob them of their phones and their wallets, and they said 'No'. So, they followed them back to their house, over here, and threatened them once more,"" said Luke Ford. ""They got one phone out of them, I believe. And as they were walking, over next to that tree, about 15 to 20 yards down, they fired off a round at 'em.""Police say six of the seven victims were peppered with bird shot and suffered minor injuries. All refused treatment at the scene.The suspects were described as a Hispanic male, 20-30 years old wearing a white shirt and red shorts, and a black male, 20-30 years old wearing dark or black colored clothing.If you have any information about this crime, call Crime Line at 741-1000.Copyright 2016KCBD. All rights reserved.5600 Avenue ALubbock, TX. 79404(806) 744-1414A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
394,130,640677,"August 28, 2016",New York,Bronx,514 E 156th St,0,4,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Shooting-4-Injured-Bronxchester-Houses--391539601.html,"Police are investigating a shooting in the Bronx that left four men injured early Sunday morning.The shooting happened around 12:35 a.m. in front of the Bronxchester Houses on East 156th Street during a large dispute, police said.A 31-year-old man with a gunshot wound on his left arm, a 24-year-old with gunshot wounds on his left wrist, back and left leg, and a 26-year-old with two gunshot wounds on his leg were all taken to Harlem Hospital Center, according to police.A 23-year-old man with a gunshot wound on his right arm was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital, police said.All injuries were not life-threatening, police said. No suspects are in custody over the shootings.A gray BMW SUV fled the scene eastbound on 156th St., though police aren’t sure if the vehicle is linked to the shootings."
395,132,640861,"August 28, 2016",Alabama,Dadeville,512 E Columbus St,0,5,http://www.wsfa.com/story/32857765/early-morning-shooting-in-dadeville-leaves-5-injured-2-listed-in-critical-condition,"DADEVILLE, AL (WSFA) - Five people were shot at a party in Dadeville early Sunday morning, and two of the victims have been listed as in critical condition, according to the Dadeville Police Department.Dadeville Police Chief David Barbour says that his office began receiving calls around 12:29 a.m. in regards to a shooting that occurred at the American Legion Hall on E. Columbus Street.Barbour says five people were shot during the party, with injuries ranging from critical to non-life-threatening.One of the victims was life flighted to a Montgomery hospital in critical condition.Two other victims were transported to the East Alabama Medical Center in Opelika with one of them listed as critical and the other listed as non-life-threatening.A fourth victim was transported to the Russell Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries.The final victim was treated and released from the Lake Martin Community Hospital.Barbour says two suspects have been developed in the case.Anyone with information regarding this shooting is asked to call the Dadeville Police Department at 256-825-6212 or investigations as 256-825-9959.Copyright 2016WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.445 Dexter AvenueSuite 7000Montgomery, AL 36104(334) 288-1212A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
396,134,640203,"August 27, 2016",Florida,Miami,1900 block of NW 83rd Terr,2,4,http://www.local10.com/news/crime/families-mourn-2-killed-in-brownsville-shooting,"Paradise AfsharTerrell Forney, ReporterParadise AfsharTerrell Forney, ReporterMIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla.– Isaiah ""Zay"" Solomon, 15, was one of two people fatally wounded during a Saturday morning shooting that took place during a vigil for a slain teenager at Northwest 19th Avenue and Northwest 83rd Terrace.Tafari ""Fari"" West, 22, also died in the shooting.Among the four wounded was pastor Vernon Gillum's 20-year-old daughter, Verneisha Gillum. Police identified the other victims as Anthony Johnson, 26, Patrick Blake, 40, and Elwood Higgs, 36.Bianca West said the family members had gathered at a home to mourn another relative, Devonair ""Deb"" Blake, 19, who was shot 13 times in the back on Aug. 19 in Brownsville.""They were shooting for about two minutes. It felt like 20,"" West said. ""(The) only thing I was saying to myself was, 'Let me cover my head,' because if I do get shot, I just don't want to get shot in my head.""Since the shooting, Solomon's mother has taken to social media to comment about her loss.""I lost my baby, my rider, my first heartbeat, who had a special place because he was my first heartbeat. I love/loved him more than every breath in me,"" she wrote on Facebook. ""I would move the world for him if he needed. I would have given my life in order for him to keep living. My spirit is empty. I have no more life in me. I don't even know how I'm going to raise my other child because I have nothing left in me and I have no clue how I'm going to go on. Please save, God won't put anything on me that I can't handle cause I would reply, you are a damn lie. I can't handle this.""She ends the post with a reminder of how her son was killed.""BTW he was murdered standing a wake,"" she wrote. ""He was innocent.""Police are investigating the incident. Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.A $13,000 reward is being offered for information leading to an arrest.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Terrell Forney joined Local 10 News in October 2005 as a general assignment reporter. He was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio, but a desire to escape the harsh winters of the north brought him to South Florida.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
397,136,634889,"August 21, 2016",Massachusetts,Boston,Westview and Stratton Street,0,4,https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/08/21/people-hospitalized-following-dorchester-shooting/cRmy7ObqicBEdg5VVRGvtK/story.html,"It was supposed to be a festive occasion.Roughly 40 people had gathered for a barbecue in Dorchester, some traveling from outside of Boston to celebrate a mother's 50th birthday shortly before midnight on Saturday. Her family was preparing to run a slide show on a large screen in a small yard in the courtyard of her Franklin Field apartment on Westview and Stratton streets. It was one of three barbecues in the courtyard that night.But then, residents said, 14 shots rang out and four people were injured. One, a guest in her 20s, was shot in the back. The three others were not attending that barbecue.AdvertisementOne man and two women, with injuries ranging from ""not so severe"" to ""critical,"" were taken to the Boston Medical Center, the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and Brigham and Women's Hospital, according to Boston Emergency Services Lieutenant Gretchen Fox. The fourth person refused treatment, Fox said. The ages of the victims were unavailable. The call concerning the shooting came in at 11:45 p.m., according to police.Although the violence was the latest in a week that included a fatal shooting on Dudley Terrace around midnight Friday and a stabbing in East Boston on Wednesday that left a man dead, Boston police spokesman Michael McCarthy said this has been ""one of the safest summers on record.""The fatal shooting marked the 22nd homicide in Boston, a figure that matches the number of homicides for the same period last year, 
McCarthy said.""The commissioner has always said, one [shooting] is too many,"" McCarthy said Sunday. ""Considering where other major cities are, we're experiencing some pretty low numbers.""McCarthy said the number of shootings citywide is down 25 percent and violent crime is down 6 percent compared to this time last year.But the recent violence, he said, is still worrisome.Advertisement""It is concerning anytime there is a shooting,"" McCarthy said, ""We want to find out what happened.""McCarthy said the weekend shootings were not random and it is too early to say whether they were gang-related. Police said they have made no arrests.In the shooting thatleft a 36-year-old man dead and a 31-year-old woman critically injuredlate Friday on Dudley Terrace, police say they are looking for a black man in a blue hoodie who ran from Dudley Terrace.Nearly 24 hours later, residents at the Franklin Field apartments say, they were trying to enjoy the summer night when gunfire erupted.People scattered throughout the courtyard, darting into homes. Inside apartments, parents and children crashed to the floor for cover.""I threw myself to the floor,"" said a 62-year-old resident, who was caring for several children inside her apartment at the time and declined to be named. Bullets struck the outside of her apartment, leaving holes in the red brick.""I was so afraid it would go through the window,"" she said.A 43-year-old mother of three, who also declined to give her name, said the incident was especially traumatic for her 8-year-old son, who has autism. He stood in their apartment with his hands covering his ears as gunfire crackled throughout the complex.After it was over, the woman said, she saw four men fleeing, including one with a long gun.""There's nothing we can do about it,"" said Mercy Hutchinson, 34, a resident and mother of a 14-year-old boy and a 9 year-old girl, of the violence. ""When we are here, sometimes we are scared to come outside. . . . I'm afraid something is going to happen.""AdvertisementAt the barbecue birthday celebration, the hosts apologized to their guests for the violence.""This is how [my mother] will remember her 50th birthday,"" said a 27-year-old woman. ""We were supposed to be having a good time.""She said she saw the sparks coming from the guns, but could not see the shooters.""It was very cowardly and disrespectful,"" said a 33-year-old resident who attended the birthday celebration but declined to be named for fear of her safety. ""It makes me so mad.""In the East Boston killing, Darius Barry, 18, was arrested Friday in connection with the death of Gage Smith, 23. He is expected to be arraigned in East Boston Court Monday.""The safety and security of all Boston residents is our top priority, and we will continue to work diligently to bring peace to all parts of the city,"" Mayor Martin J. Walsh said in a statement Sunday. ""This weekend's shootings are still under investigation and we encourage anyone with information to contact the Boston Police Department.""Aimee Ortiz of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Jan Ransom can be reached atjan.ransom@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter@Jan_Ransom.Digital AccessHome DeliveryGift SubscriptionsLog InManage My AccountCustomer ServiceHelp & FAQsGlobe NewsroomAdvertiseNewslettersView the ePaperOrder Back IssuesNews in EducationSearch the ArchivesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of PurchaseWork at Boston Globe Media"
398,137,634787,"August 21, 2016",Connecticut,Bridgeport,19 Plymouth St,0,13,http://www.courant.com/breaking-news/hc-bridgeport-shooting-follow-0823-20160822-story.html,"Bridgeport police Chief Armando Perez was confident Monday that detectives would catch the shooters who hid behind bushes outside a house party on Sunday and fired on more than 100 people, wounding 13.""Don't be surprised by the end of the week we have these two guys in custody,"" Perez said. ""We are there.""Since city officers rushed to the chaotic scene early Sunday on Plymouth Street, officials said they have been joined by federal investigators with the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.And it's federal charges Perez wants the shooters to face. ""Hopefully we will be able to put these people away for a long time,"" Perez said, noting he has the support of the U.S. attorney.""I want to show everyone if you are going to have the guts to do something like this, this is what's going to happen,"" Perez said.""They had no regard for human life. Total disregard. [They] just shot into the crowd,"" Perez said.By Monday, the majority of the shooting victims, many of whom were shot in the legs, ha been released from hospitals. The victims were in their late teens and early 20s.The most seriously injured, a woman shot in the face, remained in critical but stable condition, city officials said.""They're optimistic that she is going to pull through,"" city spokesman Av Harris said Monday.Among the evidence collected were 10 shell casings belonging to .40-caliber and .45-caliber firearms.""It's only for the grace of god no one died,"" Perez said Monday. ""There should've been five or six people dead that day.""The probe into the case continued at a fevered pace Monday with a captain, a lieutenant and 10 detectives working on it, Perez said, not counting the federal agents.Gov. Dannel P. Malloy spoke to officials in Bridgeport on Monday and pledged the state's support. Perez plans to contact Commissioner Dora Schriro of the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection on Tuesday.But support hasn't only come from law enforcement. People in the city have also been helping the investigators tracking down the shooters. Perez said: ""The community is with us.""The suspects opened fire on people attending a house party Plymouth Street early Sunday.""People initially thought it was fireworks. By some witness accounts, even the DJ said, 'Don't worry about it, it's fireworks,' until people started realizing they were shot,"" Capt. Brian Fitzgerald said at an afternoon news conference.Police have not released the names of the homeowners, who requested a permit to serve alcohol at the event and were denied, officials said.City officials said they had denied the request because police had been called to the home in the past for loud parties and domestic violence.Police believe that homeowners were charging for alcohol and said they could face charges.Police have yet to say what motivated the shooting, but were investigating whether the shooters had attended the party, according to Fitzgerald.City residents often request permits to hold house parties and serve alcohol, but police turn them down, Perez said. He noted these parties are opportunities for violence.""We flatly deny them. If you want to have a party go rent a hall … and hire a police officer,"" Perez said. ""You are not going to have a party in the back of your house.""Perez has assigned a lieutenant who will work with officers to seek out unsanctioned parties.""Any time we encounter these kinds of parties, we are going to shut it down,"" Perez said. ""You just cannot allow these things.""The Plymouth Street shooting comes just over a year after nine people were shot at the Trumbull Gardens Housing complex. A 37-year-old Shelton man was killed in the gunfire.Courant staff writerChristine Dempseycontributed to this story. An Associated Press report is included.Recommended"
399,138,634238,"August 20, 2016",Connecticut,Hamden,903 Dixwell Ave,0,4,https://www.nhregister.com/news/article/Man-originally-charged-with-shooting-4-people-in-12640706.php,"HAMDEN — When policearrested Heshimu Barkerin September 2016, they alleged he had shot four people outside a Hamden club and so he was charged with four counts of first-degree assault as well as two weapons counts.Barker recently received a sentence requiring him to serve two years in prison.Senior Assistant State’s Attorney Seth Garbarsky said no one identified the shooter and a surveillance videotape from a restaurant across the street on Dixwell Avenue showing the crime was of poor quality, further hampering the state’s case.New Haven Public Defender Beth A. Merkin, who represented Barker, challenged a parole officer’s identification of Barker being the shooter. Superior Court Judge Elpedio N. Vitale presided over a hearing on the issue and ruled the parole officer’s identification could not be admitted into evidence for a potential trial because of the videotape’s bad quality.“This meant there were no good witnesses,” Merkin said.Barker, 45, of Pond Street, New Haven, then went before Superior Court Judge Patrick J. Clifford on reduced charges. He was no longer charged with criminal possession of a firearm and two of the assault counts. He pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree assault with discharge of a firearm and carrying a pistol without a permit.Clifford imposed a total sentence of seven years in prison, to be suspended after serving two years. He will also serve three years of probation.Because Clifford gave Barker credit for time served back to his arrest in September 2016, he should be eligible for release within a few months.According to the Hamden police warrant, the shootings occurred outside the Highwood Bar and Grill at 903 Dixwell Ave. on Aug. 20, 2016 at about 1:25 a.m.The four victims were sitting on a bench when they were hit by the gunfire.One of the victims, the most seriously injured, was shot twice below the waistline and another bullet grazed the right side of his mouth. A second victim was shot once in her left thigh. The two others received graze wounds, possibly from bullet fragments.Police recovered six shell casings on the sidewalk near the bench.The man who had been shot repeatedly told police he was sitting at the end of the bench when an unknown man approached him from behind and said: “Yo, do you remember me?”The victim said he looked up and saw a gun, then struggled with the perpetrator in an effort to wrest away the weapon. But the arrest warrant affidavit stated the gunman fired at the victim “and toward the front entrance to the Highwood, which had numerous people standing outside.”The victim told police he ran inside the club and collapsed on the floor.The restaurant’s surveillance video showed the shooter walk up to the man at the end of the bench, remove a gun from the waistline of his pants, grab the man’s shoulder and, after a struggle, fire multiple shots at him and toward the front of the club, the warrant said.“The crowd is seen running in all directions while the suspect walked away to the corner of Dixwell/Morse, while examining the firearm, which appears to be black in color,” the warrant stated.The tape showed that the gunman then walked to a small compact vehicle, got in the passenger’s seat and the vehicle took off.randall.beach@hearstmediact.comRandall Beach covers New Haven Superior Court cases and writes columns twice a week on human interest topics. He also writes the ""Beachcombing"" column for Connecticut magazine. He enjoys running, rock and country music and local history."
400,141,632747,"August 18, 2016",Connecticut,Waterbury,402 E Main Street,0,4,http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Four-Injured-in-Waterbury-Shooting-390562511.html,"Four people were shot in Waterbury early Thursday morning and one of the victims is in critical condition, according to police.Police responded to reports of a disturbance in the East Main and Cherry streets area at 12:57 a.m. and found a large group of people who appeared to be fighting in the area of 402 East Main St.Most of the people in the crowd were patrons of a nearby bar, according to a news release from police.As officers approached, several gunshots were fired and four people were struck, police said.All the victims were transported to St Mary’s Hospital. One male victim is in critical condition and three others are in stable condition, police said.The investigation is ongoing."
401,145,629663,"August 13, 2016",California,Los Angeles,6300 block of 11th Avenue,0,4,http://abc7.com/news/4-hospitalized-in-south-la-shooting;-suspect-sought/1469388/,"WATCHLIVEFirefighters and paramedics transport a victim in a shooting in South Los Angeles on Saturday, Aug. 13, 2016."
402,146,628570,"August 13, 2016",Wisconsin,Milwaukee,4001 West Fond Du Lac Ave,2,2,http://fox6now.com/2016/08/14/police-identify-6-of-7-homicide-victims-killed-during-a-violent-weekend-in-milwaukee/,"MILWAUKEE -- Milwaukee police have released the names of six of the seven homicide victims killed this weekend.The first fatal shooting happened around 6:00 p.m. Friday near Sherman and Burleigh. One man was killed at that location, according to the medical examiner.Police say the victim is a 33-year-old man, identified as Steve Earl, who was driving on Sherman when he was shot. His vehicle then collided with another vehicle that was turning onto Burleigh from Sherman. The occupants of that vehicle sustained minor injuries.The circumstances surrounding this shooting are under investigation.The second fatal shooting happened just after 1:00 a.m. Saturday near 23rd and State. Two men were killed there, according to the medical examiner.Police said this shooting involved a 21-year-old man, identified as Tyrone Richmond and a 23-year-old man, identified as Quishawne Williams.Police said this incident was robbery related.At approximately 2:30 a.m., police say a fight at All Stars near 41st and Fond du Lac spilled into the parking lot where two men, ages 34 and 36, were shot and killed.They have been identified as Earl Hubanks and Shomaray Jackson.Police say a 26-year-old woman and 30-year-old man were also injured in this shooting.The fourth fatal shooting happened near 29th and Lisbon around 10:00 p.m. on Saturday.A 23-year old Milwaukee man, identified as Worn Jones was stabbed during a dispute with another male around 10:00 p.m.Jones died at a hospital.  Milwaukee police continue to seek the suspect.Another homicide happened Sunday, August 14th around 4:30 p.m. near 28th and Lisbon -- marking six homicides over the weekend.Officials with the Milwaukee Fire Department responded to an alley near 28th and Lisbon.Police say a woman was taken to the hospital from the scene, but she passed away.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX Television Stations"
403,147,628623,"August 13, 2016",New York,Richmond Hill,Jamaica Ave and 105th St,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/queens-hookah-bar-shooting-leaves-wounded-gunmen-crash-car-article-1.2749719,"Four men were shot outside a lounge in Queens early Saturday, police said.The shooting happened in front of Remedy's Bar Grill & Hookah Lounge on Jamaica Ave. near 105th St. in Richmond Hill just after 2:30 a.m., police said.Three men were taken to Jamaica Hospital and one was taken to Elmhurst Hospital. All of the victims are expected to survive, police said.The victims include a 27-year-old shot in the neck, a 36-year-old shot in the arm, a 21-year-old shot in the chest and leg and a 30-year-old man shot in the leg.""The police held us in the lounge. I didn't know there was a shooting until I came out and saw blood on the ground,"" said a man who didn't give his name.Police sources said a ""massive fight"" prompted the shooting but could not immediately provide additional details.At least 11 shell casings were on the sidewalk near the lounge.Two men in a white Acura were later taken into custody in relation to the shooting after they crashed their car into the stairs of a home on 104th Ave. near 197th St. in St. Albans, a police source said.""We heard a big boom,"" said a resident, who didn't give her name. ""All of the sudden, police cars arrived here. They took one guy in an ambulance and one guy in custody.""In an unrelated non-fatal shooting, an 18-year-old man was shot in the leg after a dispute in East Harlem, police said.The victim was shot on Second Ave. near E. 105th St. just after 3:30 a.m., cops said. He was taken to an area hospital and is expected to survive.With THOMAS TRACY"
404,148,628635,"August 13, 2016",Missouri,Joplin,1800 Connecticut Ave,0,4,http://www.times-standard.com/general-news/20160813/latest-woman-husband-in-critical-after-missouri-gunfire,"GET BREAKING NEWS IN YOUR BROWSER. CLICK HERE TO TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS.XTrending:JOPLIN, Mo. (AP) — The Latest on the shooting in Joplin, Missouri, that injured five people (all times local):6:30 p.m.A woman who was in a Joplin, Missouri, church van when it was fired on says the group didn”t know what was happening when the gunfire erupted.Vicki Eby told KOAM-TV (http://j.mp/2aUCnoe ) she was in the church van early Saturday with her husband Kenneth, who was driving, and two other people.She said they heard “three pops go off” but that it was so dark “we didn”t know what was happening.”She said one of the bullets hit her husband”s lung, and that he”s hospitalized in critical condition.Two other people were also wounded in a pickup truck nearby.A suspect has been taken into custody, but authorities say formal charges haven”t been filed.Police also told AP Radio that the suspect”s father called police to report the suspect was firing rounds at the family”s home.___1:35 p.m.Joplin authorities have identified five people wounded in apparently random shootings as they sat in their vehicles.Police said in a statement that Kenneth Eby; his wife, Vicki Eby; and Heidi Gustin of Joplin”s Immanuel Lutheran Church were sitting in a church van at a traffic light when they were shot Saturday.They were headed to St. Louis for a meeting about the church”s Comfort Dog ministry. Two dogs were also wounded.The Joplin Globe reports (http://j.mp/2beO4t1 ) Kenneth Eby is in critical but stable condition. Vicki Eby sustained minor injuries. Gustin has injuries considered serious but not life-threatening.Two other victims shot separately in their pickup, are identified as Donal Pugh, who”s in serious but stable condition, and Debbie Pugh, who sustained minor injuries.A 26-year-old suspect is in custody.___12 p.m.Joplin police say a man has been arrested after five people were injured in two apparently random roadway shootings.The Joplin Globe reports (http://j.mp/2aU2yez) that police have arrested a 26-year-old man suspected in the early Saturday shootings.Police said there”s no apparent motive for the shooting.Officers were called to a duplex early Saturday and found no victims.Police tried to stop a vehicle, the driver of which fired shots at a church van that was stopped at a traffic light. Three adults in the van were injured, and two are hospitalized with injuries that are not life-threatening.The suspect is also accused of shooting at a pickup truck and injuring two adults. The driver is hospitalized, the passenger was released.Police say the suspect is being held pending formal charges___Information from: The Joplin (Mo.) Globe, http://www.joplinglobe.comSign up for email newsletters"
405,149,628178,"August 12, 2016",Florida,Jacksonville,100 block of West 38th Street,1,3,https://www.news4jax.com/news/local/jacksonville/jury-convicts-man-saturday-in-shooting-death-of-teenaged-girl,"Roxy Tyler, Web producerFrank Powers, Assignment managerRoxy Tyler, Web producerFrank Powers, Assignment managerJACKSONVILLE, Fla.– After a one-week trial, it took a Duval County jury about 75 minutes Saturday to find Bryan Goggins guilty of second-degree murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.Goggins, 27, was convicted in the 2016shooting death of 14-year-old Tamia Sanders(pictured left) and the wounding of three adults. The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said it happened after a small party in Brentwood.According to her family, Sanders was walking out of her home, where a group of people was gathered outside. She died of a gunshot wound and three other people were also hit by gunfire.Goggins represented himself at the trialand cross-examined witnesses who took the stand, including people he is accused of shooting. He even cross-examined his own mother, Lawanda Mack, who was present at the time of the shooting.A sentencing hearing was set for Dec. 9.Copyright 2019 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.If you need help with WJXT’s or WCWJ's FCC public inspection file, call (904) 393-9801."
406,151,627757,"August 11, 2016",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,500 block of E Ashmead St,0,4,http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Boy-Shot-10-Times-in-Germantown-Doing-Better-Shooters-Still-at-Large-390501901.html,"Mahaj Brown is alert and talking with visitors to his room at St. Christopher's Hospital for Children as the 10 gunshot wounds he sustained last week continue to heal, his aunt tells NBC10.The 6-year-oldwas riding in his godfather's car near Ashmead Street in Philadelphia's Germantown section last Thursday nightwhen a spray of bullets peppered the vehicle. He was hit 10 times, his family said, with at least one bullet entering his chest.As he was being rushed to the hospital, Brown told family ""I can't believe I'm shot.""Breaking news and the stories that matter to your neighborhood.At a cease fire vigil Wednesday, Brown's aunt said the boy has been taken off a breathing machine and is doing much better. Brown's mother, Laprea Brown, also said he won't be released from the hospital for another three to four weeks. She also said the boy is in good spirits despite his injuries.""I want to see him back to the Haji that we know,"" she said. ""The fun-loving, outgoing kid that he is.""Brown was one of four people hit by gunfire, which investigators believe stemmed from a turf war between two groups of men. None of the injured were intended targets, police said.Some 40 rounds were fired down the block around 11 p.m. that night from an assault-style rifle and two handguns, police said.So far, no one has been arrested for the shooting. The vigil focusing on stopping gun violence is the second held in the neighborhood after the shooting. Neighbors, Brown's family and police are frustrated by a lack of tips about the shootout.Detectives said the shooters fled in a newer model Mercury Mountaineer SUV that is painted two colors and has running lights. A $10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction.Anyone with information can contact the Philadelphia Police tipline at 215.686.TIPS."
407,152,626153,"August 10, 2016",Illinois,Evanston,Foster Street and Jackson Avenue,0,4,http://www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/evanston/crime/ct-evr-shooting-probe-tl-0818-20160810-story.html,"Four people were shot in Evanston on Tuesday night, including a Skokie resident who drove his car and then collapsed in front of Buffalo Joe's restaurant in downtown Evanston following the incident, according to police. None of the victims' injuries were considered life-threatening, police said.Several people were gathered around Foster Street and Jackson Avenue just after 10 p.m., when the gunshots rang out, police said.The unknown suspect shot at them numerous times from a field north of that location and fled on foot, said Evanston police Cmdr. Joseph Dugan, department spokesperson, who was still gathering information.The victims are a 24-year-old Evanston resident who was shot in the head, a 19-year-old Evanston resident who was shot in the ankle, a 17-year-old Evanston resident who was shot two times in the arm and a 32-year-old Skokie resident who was shot in the hand, Dugan said.The victims were all taken to Evanston Hospital.Police are not releasing a suspect description at this time.The Skokie resident drove into downtown Evanston, pulling in front of Buffalo Joe's restaurant on the 800 block of Clark Street.""He got out of the car, bleeding, stumbling,"" said J.D. Walker, who was outside the restaurant at the time. ""He was talking on his phone. He came up to us and said he was shot.""Detectives are continuing their investigation into the incident, Dugan said.A nearby resident described the scene Wednesday as it unfolded the night before.""I was at home in my living room when I counted about 15 or 16 bangs – repeated bangs. They were very evenly placed,"" said Mike, a resident who lives about a block away from where the shootings took place, and who asked that his last name not be used for fear of retribution. ""There are people lighting off fireworks in this neighborhood. You hear things at night and I've heard gunshots before. The relatively slow pace told me they were not firecrackers. It was too even.""""It's disturbing because I live here with my kids,"" said Mike, who said he has four children ages 7 and younger. ""I know there are lots of kids in the neighborhood around me. Over time I hear something like that, I wonder whose kid could have gotten hurt just now. I feel very helpless in terms of how to stop this from happening.""Mike said he's cautious about when and where he lets his children play outside, and that last night's incident marked the third or fourth time he's heard gunshots in the neighborhood in recent years.""It's not the first time it's happened in that general vicinity and it is frightening,"" he said. ""I love my neighbors. I know it's not the locals doing this. I have a strong suspicion based on what I've read about these things that it's very likely outside elements that come through to cause trouble.""Mike said he'd like to see more police surveillance cameras in the area, particularly around nearby Foster Park.""I certainly don't believe in a police state, but I also feel like a proper set of eyes on the area could prevent things like this,"" he said.Anyone with information is asked to call the Evanston Police Department at 847-866-5000 or by using Text-A-Tip at CRIMES (274637) and entering EPDTIP in the message line with the tip information, he said.Bob Seidenberg is a Pioneer Press reporter. Lee V. Gaines is a freelancer.bseidenberg@pioneerlocal.comTwitter @evanstonscribeCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
408,154,624273,"August 8, 2016",Florida,Jacksonville,1214 Labelle St,0,7,http://www.news4jax.com/news/young-mother-still-hospitalized-after-eureka-gardens-mass-shooting,"Heather LeighHeather LeighJACKSONVILLE, Fla.– A mother of two shot several times while standing outside her Eureka Gardens apartment over one month ago continues to recover in a Jacksonville hospital.Jessica Nelson, 20, was one of seven people injured six weeks ago when, according to the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office, three people opened fire in the parking lot of the housing development.Jessica, who was shot in the stomach, has a 2-month-old daughter and an 19-month-old girl.After everyone else was released from the hospital, Jessica remained in the intensive care unit at UF Health Hospital, fighting for her life.Her mother, Brenda Nelson, told News4Jax Friday that her daughter has come a long way. Just a few weeks ago, Brenda said she didn't even know if her daughter would survive.Now, Jessica is sitting upright and is able to visit with her fiance and her two young girls.""She's doing real good, better than we expected. They took the trach (tube) out, her liver is doing really good, her kidney not so good. She still has to have dialysis three times a week but at least she's not on it 24 hours a day now. She's sitting up. She's coherent. She holds a whole conversation with you now,"" Brenda said.The family is preparing for what happens when Jessica is released from the hospital, and the reality is daunting.They are still trying to move back into their family home, which suffered fire damage several years ago, but there is a lot of work left to be done. Brenda said she fears that her daughter won't have a safe place to go where she will be able to continue her recovery.""We're having to put up a bathroom, a kitchen, replace some flooring in the living room, replace all the drywall and wiring just to make it where it's livable,"" Brenda said. ""The bedrooms are bigger, so there'll be enough room for equipment if need be, the hospital bed if need to be, what needs to happen.""So far, Brenda has been able to raise more than $9,000 on aGoFundMe pageto help cover medical expenses.But hospital bills, on top of fixing up their home, has caused financial worries for the family. Brenda said she wants to help alleviate that burden of stress on her daughter and her family.""She deserves a place to come home to and she does and those girls. Any help we can get is definitely appreciated,"" Brenda said.Jessica's daughters have been living with family members, but the family would like to be reunited once Jessica is finally released from her long hospital stay.Anyone wishing to help the Nelsons with supplies and hospital expenses can do so by visiting theGoFundMe page.Copyright 2016 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.If you need help with WJXT’s or WCWJ's FCC public inspection file, call (904) 393-9801."
409,155,625735,"August 8, 2016",New Mexico,Albuquerque,341 General Marshall Street NE,2,2,https://www.abqjournal.com/1460485/appeals-denied-in-deadly-2016-shooting.html,"There may be an issue with the delivery of your newspaper. 
				This alert will expire atNaN.Click here for more info.Recover passwordRegisterSuccess! —Manage subscriptionsShare.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — The Supreme Court upheld the sentences of two brothers in a 2016 drug-related shooting that left two dead and two injured in Southeast Albuquerque.The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected all arguments made by Edwin Ortiz-Parra, 29, and Eder Ortiz-Parra, 27, in their appeals.Among those arguments was that the brothers should’ve been tried separately from their cousin and co-defendant, Rafael Gonzalez-Parra.In 2018 the brothers were sentenced to two life terms, plus an additional 54 years, in prison after being found guilty of two counts each of murder, attempted murder and conspiracy charges.In August 2016 the brothers, along with their cousin Gonzalez-Parra and friend Carlos Almazan-Avila stormed a house in Southeast Albuquerque over a drug debt, killing Daniel Chumacero and Juan Carlos Saenz-Ponce and injuring two others.ADVERTISEMENTSkipCopyright © 2021 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. | www.abqjournal.com$14/moSubscribeOther OffersAlready a subscriber? Sign In"
410,156,624156,"August 7, 2016",California,Los Angeles,5925 South Figueroa Street,1,3,http://abc7.com/news/25-year-old-woman-killed-3-wounded-in-south-la-shooting/1461449/,"WATCHLIVEPolice responded to the area of 59th and Figueroa streets in South L.A. after a shooting that left one woman dead and three others wounded on Sunday, Aug. 7, 2016.(KABC)"
411,157,623523,"August 7, 2016",Colorado,Arvada,5400 block of Sheridan Boulevard,2,2,http://www.denverpost.com/2017/05/08/adams-county-trailer-park-homicide/,"Trending:A man who fired shots from a vehicle into a crowd — killing one man and wounding two others while fleeing a confrontation at an Adams County trailer park — was convicted Monday of second-degree murder.Brandon Karr,25, also was convicted of nine counts of attempted first-degree murder in connection with the Aug. 16 shooting at the Berkley Village Mobile Home Park at 5400 Sheridan Blvd.A second man involved in the altercation, Rojelio Heredia, 25, fired at Karr’s vehicle and killed Karr’s cousin, Dustin Karr, 23. Heredia has pleaded guilty to second-degree murder, heat of passion.An Adams County District Court jury deliberated about six hours before convicting Karr of one count of second-degree murder heat of passion, nine counts of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of second-degree assault, according to a 17th Judicial District release.“When you empty a gun into a crowd of people less than 10 feet away, you know your conduct is going to kill people,” Chief Deputy District Attorney Patrick Costigan told the jury during closing arguments Friday. “He shot seven times into a crowd of people. He didn’t care where the bullets were going.”Karr and his companions drove to the mobile home park to provoke a fight with occupants of one of the trailers. Heredia, who lived in the trailer next door and was hosting a party, fired two warning shots into the air after the group began attacking a woman, according to a news release from the district attorney’s office.Karr and his companions returned to their vehicle. As they drove away, Karr began firing at the crowd.Edgar Loera Munoz, 30, was killed. Sergio Ontiveros-Heredia, 26, and Perla Nevarez, 24, were wounded.Heredia will be sentenced June 26. Sentencing for Karr is set for 8:30 a.m. July 7 in Adams County District Court.Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts"
412,159,623439,"August 7, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,100 block of South Springfield,0,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/4-wounded-1-critically-in-west-garfield-park-shooting/,"Filed under:Four men were seriously wounded in a shooting Sunday morning in the West Garfield Park neighborhood.Three of the men were standing outside with a group of people about 3:30 a.m. in the 100 block of South Springfield when someone fired shots from a moving vehicle, according to Chicago Police.A 23-year-old man was shot in the right thigh, and a 25-year-old man was shot in the lower back and right thigh, police said. Both were taken to Stroger Hospital in serious condition.A 37-year-old man suffered gunshot wounds to the torso and both legs, police said. He was taken to Stroger Hospital by a friend in serious condition.The fourth victim, 26, was shot in the face while sitting in a parked car, police said. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available."
413,161,624057,"August 5, 2016",Michigan,Pontiac,70 block of Thorpe Street,1,3,https://www.mlive.com/news/detroit/index.ssf/2018/06/sheriffs_office_makes_arrest_i.html,"Adonte M. Bouie, sheriff's photoNearly two years after a quadruple shooting that left a young woman dead, Oakland County sheriff's detectives believe they have solved the cold case.Deputies arrested the suspected shooter, Adonte M. Bouie, 22, of Pontiac, who's accused of opening fire on four people at an abandoned house on Thorpe in Pontiac about 11 p.m. on Aug. 5, 2016.Aniya R. Edwards, 19, who was visiting from Tennessee but had previously lived in Pontiac, died of her injuries. Three other victims survived.Bouie, who had no prior criminal history, is now facing possible life in prison. He is charged with first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit first-degree murder, three counts of attempted murder and five firearms-related crimes.Deputies previously arrested Bouie's suspected accomplice, Ashton K. Greenhouse, who pleaded guilty to charges of second-murder, three counts of attempted murder and firearms felonies. He is scheduled to be sentenced Sept. 11, 2018.Oakland County sheriff's officials haven't released a motive for the shooting.""I am extremely proud of our Detectives who were dedicated and relentless to find justice for Aniya and her family,"" Oakland County Sheriff Michael J. Bouchard said. ""It is my hope that her loved ones can find peace in that her killers will be locked up and off the street.""Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
414,163,621232,"August 4, 2016",Tennessee,Memphis,Ayers Street and Griffith Avenue,0,4,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/32682537/4-injured-in-north-memphis-shooting,"MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Four men were injured in a North Memphis shooting early Thursday morning.Police rushed to the scene at Ayers Street and Griffith Avenue around 12:30 a.m. where they found bullet holes in the back window of a car.It's unclear if the victims were sitting in the car or standing nearby, but all four men were shot or grazed by bullets.Police said none of the victims knew who shot them.According to officers, two of the victims refused to be treated at the scene. Two others were taken to Regional Medical Center in non-critical condition. The men, all between the ages of 18 and 23, are all expected to be OK.Police have no suspect information at this time.Anyone with information is asked to call Memphis Police Department at (901)545-COPS.Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
415,165,619708,"August 2, 2016",Florida,Hollywood (West Park),5700 block of Hallandale Beach Blvd,0,4,http://www.local10.com/news/crime/multiple-people-injured-in-west-park-shooting,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorWEST PARK, Fla.– Multiple people were injured early Tuesday when someone opened fire inside an efficiency in West Park, authorities said.The shooting was reported just after midnight in the 5700 block of West Hallandale Beach Boulevard.Broward sheriff's deputies said a man wearing a hooded long-sleeve sweatshirt, jean shorts and a bandanna covering his face approached the back of the home and fired multiple shots into it.He then ran eastbound. Deputies said it's possible that another person was involved in the shooting.Several shell casings were found outside the home, deputies said.Four people were inside the rear efficiency at the time.Three of the victims were taken to Memorial Regional Hospital. One victim was not hospitalized.The victims' conditions have not been released.Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
416,167,617789,"July 31, 2016",Florida,Miami,Southwest 203rd Terrace and 115th Avenue,3,1,http://www.local10.com/news/crime/man-arrested-in-fatal-shooting-of-mother-2-teens-in-southwest-miami-dade,"Amanda Batchelor, Managing EditorAmanda Batchelor, Managing EditorMIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla.– A man was arrested Wednesday in the fatal shooting of a South Florida woman and two of her children, police said.Miami-Dade police had been searching for Antwon Fair since early Sunday when shots were fired at the woman's home near Southwest 203rd Terrace and Southwest 115th Avenue.Fair was found Wednesday in Savannah, Georgia.Takeeya ""KeKe"" Fulton, a 39-year-old mother of six, and her daughter, Nuckeria ""Keria"" Harris, 19, were shot inside the home after Fulton got into an argument with Fair, relatives told Local 10 News.Sources said Harris was trying to defend her mother when she was killed.Fulton's son, Corey ""CJ"" Johnson, 17, was sleeping in his bedroom when he was shot. He later died at Kendall Regional Medical Center.Fulton's 12-year-old son was also shot and taken to Kendall Regional Medical Center. He is listed in stable condition, but relatives told Local 10 News reporter Andrew Perez that he goes in and out of consciousness.A relative was granted custody of Fulton's surviving children this week.""I mean, I don't understand how anyone can do this to their kids' mother, your step-kids or your own kids,"" the children's uncle said.Court records show that Fair has been on probation for more than year for a weapons charge. He's previously been arrested on charges of assault, battery and drug possession.Fair is the father of three of Fulton's children.Miami-Dade police said he was taken into custody with the assistance of other law enforcement agencies. Fair is expected to be extradited to Miami-Dade County to face murder charges.AGoFundMe accounthas been created to help the surviving family members.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.Amanda Batchelor is the managing editor for Local10.com.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
417,168,617607,"July 31, 2016",Texas,Austin,208 E 6th St,1,4,http://kxan.com/2017/10/24/murder-trial-begins-in-deadly-sixth-street-shooting/,"KXAN Austinby:Calily BienAUSTIN (KXAN) — The man who police say opened fire on a crowded East Sixth Street killing a woman and injuring four others in the summer of 2016 is facing a jury in his murder trial.Endicott McCray, 26, is charged with one count of murder in the death of Teqnika Marie Moultrie and four counts of aggravated assault for the other victims’ injuries. The trial, which started Tuesday morning, is being held in Judge Cliff Brown’s court.According to court records,McCray got into a fight with his brother-in-law during the early morning hours of July 31, 2016. A friend of McCray’s wife says a group of them were out when she saw McCray’s wife’s brother “shove” McCray. In response, witnesses say McCray pulled out a handgun that he had in his waistband and pointed the gun at his brother-in-law. Police say he fired one shot into the ground, then raised the firearm, turned it sideways and fired “up to four more gunshots.”McCray was arrested a few days later in Atlanta, Ga.The jury heard testimony from multiple police officers and detectives who investigated the scene. One of the officers described the scene as chaotic. “We generally do things in order, like a, b, and c. That day everything was just backwards,” said one of the officers on the stand.Timothy Volking says he invited Moultrie to Austin last summer to see the town because she was thinking of moving to Texas from California. Volking says the group did everything signature to Texas, they tubed the Comal River, ate barbeque and then went to Sixth Street for drinks. When they were ready to head home, they stopped by Voodoo Doughnut. “I remember waiting in a very long line,” he said.Security camera video played by the state shows the group walking out of Voodoo Doughnut and then walking down the sidewalk. Moultrie, 33, can be seen walking between her wife and Volking when she looks to her left and immediately falls to the ground. Moultrie’s wife and Volking run ahead before quickly turning around to see Moultrie on the ground. The two then kneel beside her and try to help.Keith Pinkard with the Travis County Medical Examiner’s Office said Moultrie died from a gunshot wound to the head and neck.The jury wrapped up its first day of the trial just before 4 p.m.; they will start again Wednesday morning with more witness testimony at 9 a.m.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above.(NEXSTAR) – Marijuana activist groups are helping the vaccination drive Tuesday by giving adults a ""joint for a jab.""The vaccination drives are taking place on 4/20, of course, in New York City, Washington D.C. and other U.S. cities.RIDGELAND, Miss. (WJTV) – When you turn 105, there may not be a lot you want for your birthday, but a Mississippi woman had one wish: to meet former NFL player Tim Tebow.After her story made news last week, he granted her wish."
418,169,617712,"July 30, 2016",Missouri,Saint Louis,5000 block of Kensington Ave,0,5,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/drive-by-shooting-in-st-louis-injures-five-people-at/article_6d192201-f54c-5595-9fa7-6e25bf701dbe.html,"ST. LOUIS• Five people were injured — four of them critically — after a gunman in a passing car opened fire on a neighborhood party in St. Louis, police say.They were shot about 10:40 p.m. Saturday in the 5000 block of Kensington Avenue, a few blocks southwest of Fountain Park.Police said Monday they had no suspects in the case.The victims were attending a neighborhood gathering when a black vehicle with several occupants drove by and someone opened fire on the crowd. The car sped east on Kensington.Four people were in critical but stable condition after the shooting:• A man, 22, was shot in the chest.• A man, 32, was shot in the thigh.• A man, 33, was shot in the arm.• A woman, 31, was shot in the thigh.A fifth victim, a 35-year-old man, suffered a graze wound to his abdomen.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
419,171,618321,"July 30, 2016",Georgia,Townsend (Eulonia),14699 Highway 17,0,5,http://www.thedariennews.net/110056/1264/five-shot-at-eulonia-club,
420,173,615109,"July 28, 2016",New York,Elmira,303 College Ave,0,5,http://www.stargazette.com/story/news/2017/07/14/short-day-testimony-elmira-bar-shooting-trial/480048001/,"Only two witnesses took the stand Friday in the trial of the man charged in connection with a shooting at Patrick's Bar in Elmira last year.Zecary Banks, 28, is on trial for attempted murder and other felonies, in connection with the July 28, 2016 shooting that injured five people.The trial didn't reconvene until Friday afternoon because of a scheduling conflict, and that time was pushed back even further because the defense attorney's car broke down on his way to Elmira.Once the trial finally resumed, two state police forensic scientists took the stand Friday to talk about their analysis of crime scene evidence.Firearms examiner Maria Rauche told the court that she couldn't conclusively say bullets recovered from the scene and from victims were fired from a a.38-caliber revolver found nearby, according to our broadcast media partner,WENY-TV.Rauche added that she couldn't rule out that the bullets came from that gun either, WENY reported.Another state police forensic scientist testified that she analyzed swabs taken from the recovered revolver but didn't find any DNA.She said she wasn't surprised there was no DNA given the condition of the gun, which was found on a rooftop near Patrick's Bar.Witness IDs Zecary Banks as Elmira bar shooterBar patrons Kevyn Walker, Cody Whitmer, Jesus Rivera, Anthony Mack, and Nicholas Ewanyk were injured in the shooting.Chemung County District Attorney Weeden Wetmore contends that Mack was Banks' intended victim.Banks is charged with one count of second-degree attempted murder, one charge of first-degree criminal use of a firearm, three counts of first-degree assault, two counts of second-degree criminal possession of a weapon and two counts of second-degree assault, all felonies, in connection with the shooting.The trial will resume at 10 a.m. Monday in Chemung County Court.Follow@SGJeffMurrayon Twitter."
421,174,615328,"July 28, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,Greenmount Avenue,0,4,http://baltimore.cbslocal.com/2016/07/28/police-teen-boy-3-women-shot-in-north-baltimore/,"BALTIMORE (AP) —Police say a 17-year-old boy and three women were injured in a shooting in north Baltimore.Police say in a statement that officers were called to Whitridge Avenue for a report of a shooting before 2 a.m. Thursday. When officers arrived, they found a 17-year-old boy suffering from a gunshot wound to the hand. About a block away on Greenmount Avenue, officers found three women, aged 25, 32 and 51, with gunshot wounds.Police spokesman Detective Donny Moses says investigators believe the shooting took place on Greenmount Avenue and the teen ran home. He says police don’t have any reason to think the shooting is related to any other incident.Police say the 51-year-old woman is in critical condition at a hospital and the three others are in stable condition.Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed."
422,176,611479,"July 25, 2016",Florida,Fort Myers,3580 Evans Ave,2,19,https://www.news-press.com/story/news/crime/2020/12/09/club-blu-shooting-5-arrested-connection-fort-myers-case/3868836001/,"Fort Myers Police Chief Derrick Diggs announced Wednesday that five people were arrested in connection to the 2016 Club Blu shooting that killed two and left at least 14 injured.The five each face two second-degree murder charges and a conspiracy charge. Each faces life in prison, Diggs said.Early Wednesday, the Fort Myers Police Department, FBI and the Florida Regional U.S. Marshal’s Task Force, served arrest warrants and in a span of 15 minutes, took into custody Demetrious O’Neal, Derrick Leon Church, Tajze Akir Battle, Kierra Kashayla Russ, and Don Dontrill Loggins, according to a State Attorney's Office news release.Diggs also encouraged people to come forward with any tips and listed physical addresses in the city, including Residence Drive, Sumter Avenue and Club Blu on Evans Avenue, where detectives recovered weapons believed to be used in the shooting.More:Here's what we know about arrests in 2016 Club Blu shootingState Attorney Amira Fox of the 20th Judicial Circuit reminded the community that Club Blu was a teen dance club operating on a balmy Sunday evening in July.Stefan Strawder, a standout basketball player at Lehigh Senior High School, and Sean Archilles, 14, who was an eighth-grader at Royal Palm Exceptional School, were killed.""With the combined effort between law enforcement and the public, all the subjects will be held accountable and the families will have justice,"" Diggs said.Fox said the conspiracy charges stem from the planning of the ambush from July 1 through July 25.""The victims and their families should be first in our thoughts. I hope the arrests bring some sense of peace to those directly impacted by this heinous crime which took the lives of two young victims and left 14 injured,"" Fox said. ""The mass shooting that occurred impacted the lives of so many innocent people. This case is far from over and as we enter into the prosecution stage, our work is far from done.""Assistant State Attorneys Dan Feinberg, Anthony Kunasek, and Sara Miller are part of that team and will prosecute the case, along with Fort Myers Police Detective Wolfgang Daniel, Fort Myers Police Department Attorney Bob Lee, FBI Special Agent James Roncinske, and State Attorney’s Office Homicide Investigator Steve Scalici.If anyone has information on the weapons, locations, or events of that night, please provide tips to the State Attorney’s Office Cold Case Homicide Unit Tip Line: 1-833-987-2611 as well as Crime Stoppers:1-800-780-TIPS.A $20,000 reward is still being offered for information leading to an arrest and or conviction, Diggs said.Law enforcement requests tips, offers reward in renewed effort to solve 2016 Club Blu shootingClub Blu shooting: Two mothers grieve while the state attorney reviews police investigationOrganizers of teen events mull changes after shootingTeen tragedy: Fort Myers club shooting leaves a city in painTwo years after Club Blu shooting in Fort Myers, case in state attorney's handsFamily mourns 14-year-old boy killed in Fort Myers club shootingClub Blu: Lee County's 5th mass shooting in 10 monthsPhotos:Candlelight vigil held in honor of Club Blu victimsPhotos:2 dead and 16 injured in shooting at Club Blu in Fort Myers"
423,177,610584,"July 24, 2016",Ohio,Hamilton,1555 Main St,1,7,http://www.wcpo.com/news/crime/cornell-mckennelly-ii-pleads-guilty-in-fatal-shooting-at-doubles-bar-in-hamilton,"MenuHAMILTON, Ohio -- The last of four men charged in a fatal bar shooting last summer pleaded guilty Tuesday.Cornell McKennelly II entered guilty pleas to involuntary manslaughter with a gun specification and having weapons under disability Tuesday morning in Butler County Common Pleas Court,the Journal-News reports.McKennelly, 38, of Hamilton, originally was charged with murder and having weapons under disability, for shooting and killing Kalif Goens onJuly 24 at Doubles Bar.His trial was scheduled to begin Jan. 31.Sentencing for McKennelly is scheduled for Feb. 27. He faces a maximum of 17 years in prison.Three others involved in the gun violence that also injured seven others have already entered guilty pleas.The Journal-News is a media partner of WCPO."
424,178,610756,"July 23, 2016",South Carolina,North Charleston,3630 Ashley Phosphate Road,0,4,http://counton2.com/2016/07/25/officers-investigating-north-charleston-nightclub-shooting/,"WCBD News 2by:Shawn CabbagestalkNORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCBD) – The Dorchester County Sheriff’s Office is investigating following a shooting at Club Brandy on Saturday, July 23.Authorities say the incident happened in the parking lot of the Ashley Phosphate club following a fight inside.We’re told of the four people shot, two of them had serious injuries. All of the victims are expected to survive.If you have any information, contact your local law enforcement division or Crime Stoppers at 843-554-1111.Keep checkingcounton2.comfor real-time updates on this story. To get breaking news alerts, download the free News 2 App foriPhoneorAndroid. You can also sign up foremail alerts.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.BERKELEY COUNTY, S.C. (WCBD) – Berkeley County Board of Zoning Appeals will meet to discuss three possible wireless towers that would be built in the county.One of the locations for the proposed tower is located next to the Francis Marion National Forest on Highway 402 in Cordesville.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
425,179,610093,"July 23, 2016",Ohio,Cincinnati,3400 block of Beekman St,2,2,http://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/crime/2016/07/23/police-2-dead-millvale-shooting/87473300/,"UPDATE:Seven months in, shootings are down in Cincinnati so farORIGINAL REPORT:Since 10 p.m. Friday night, 11 people have been shot in the city of Cincinnati. Three of those victims died, police confirmed.""The Cincinnati Police Department is doing everything possible to investigate and address these violent acts,"" Lt. Steve Saunders said Saturday. ""But we need the cooperation of the community to identify whoever is involved. We need people to come forward and call Crime Stoppers. It's difficult for us to investigate these serious incidents without information.""As of July 16, police reported that the total number of shooting victims in 2016 was down 13 percent from last year and homicides were down 17 percent, according to the Strategic and Tactical Analytic Review for Solutions report published by CPD.""I would look at what has occurred this weekend as a momentary uptick in shootings. I think a great deal of it is attributable to the heat,” City Manager Harry Black said “It’s not scientific. It’s not quantifiable, but I believe there’s a direct correlation between the weather and crime.”Black explained that increased social activity and more people outdoors could lead to more conflicts. He has been in conversations with police officials through the weekend.“The victims, as of right now, as well as the perpetrators don’t appear to have been on any of our watch lists,"" Black said. ""A couple of the victims may have had some minimal previous contact with law enforcement, but nothing that would rise to a level of concern.”Sanders: 'Astonishment and shock' at Cincinnati shooting spikeSince last summer, when shooting numbers were high for months, the city has begun several initiatives to combat the problem.“We have beefed up our CIRV activities. We have beefed up the resources that are in our Human Relations Commission. We’ve expanded staffing resources. We have reactivated the Partnering Center.  Our outreach workers are out and engaged and active in terms of engaging community groups as well as families,” Black said.The Cincinnati Police Department also began the P.I.V.O.T. program, which allows investigators go beyond neighborhoods when identifying high crime areas prone to gun violence. The new data collection and analysis allows block-by-block analysis and even allows officers to examine specific areas with apartment buildings.Despite these efforts, Black said the violence this weekend may fall outside of ongoing gang and drug trafficking activity, which can be tracked and investigated.“A lot of this is boiling down to personal conflict,” Black said.  “How do you anticipate personal beefs and personal conflict? I don’t think you can do that.”Black explained that while the violence this weekend is tragic, he doesn't believe it will continue.""Safer streets is one of our top priorities and we are investing in it,” Black said. “The key is…we are trying to spend more money, but we’re trying to spend it in a very strategic and smart way.”Pastor Ennis Tait has responded to every homicide in Cincinnati this year through Project Nehemiah Ceasefire and Cincinnati Works with vigils, anti-violence marches, youth mentorship and other programs. Tait was on the scene of Saturday's shooting in Avondale.""This rash of shootings in the past 24 hours has been more than we've seen in a long time,"" Tait said. ""One of the things that I know that's missing in our city right now is hope.""He explained that he believes preventing violence in the streets starts with families.""If you see an increase in broken relationships at home, you're going to see broken relationships in other places,"" Tait said. ""The spirit of brokenness eats away at a person's conscience and when that happens their respect for life begins to dissipate.""Tait said he plans to continue with vigils and take other action in response to Saturday's homicides.""There have to be people inside our families who are willing to use their influence,"" he said.Shootings presented in chronological order:North Fairmount: 2 injuredAt least two men were shot late Friday night in the area of Beekman and Cummins streets. Police report they believe the two incidents were not connected.Lt. Tim Brown said one victim was located in North Fairmount, and a second victim was found at Mercy West Hospital at approximately 10:30 p.m.Police received reports of a third person shot, but could not locate a third victim, Brown said.A silver car with damage to a rear corner and a tire was taped off and investigated in the 2700 block of Beekman Street. The road was closed for more than an hour.Brown said no suspect information is available and that the victims were not cooperating with investigators.Millvale: 2 killed, 2 injuredAbout a mile north of the shooting in North Fairmount, three men and one woman were shot early Saturday in Millvale in an incident that left two people dead, according to Cincinnati police.Bobbie Odneal III, 23, was found dead on the sidewalk in the 3400 block of Beekman Street, police reported. Rickey McGowan, 25, was found wounded inside a building and died from his wounds at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.The other two victims were treated at UCMC and are expected to survive.The intersection of Millvale and Beekman was closed for several hours and later reopened, but homicide detectives confirmed the investigation is ongoing.West End: 1 killedA man was killed in the courtyard of the Stanley Rowe Community apartments Saturday on Lockhurst Lane near Liberty Street, police said.She-ar Dornal, 18, was fatally shot just before 3 p.m. and was pronounced dead at the scene, according to press release from the homicide unit.A woman rushed up to the police tape and screamed, ""That's my brother"" as police held her back from the crime scene. Another man was tackled by police after running past the tape to the body.Police said a suspect fled toward a nearby basketball court, but no arrests have been reported in connection with the homicide.Avondale: 1 injuredA man was shot in the 800 block of Lexington Avenue at approximately 3 p.m. Saturday, police said.Saunders said the man was in surgery at 5 p.m. and is expected to survive his injuries.No suspect information has been released regarding the incident. The identity of the victim has also not been released.Over-the-Rhine: 1 injuredA 36-year-old man was shot in Over-the-Rhine near the corner of McMicken Avenue and Vine Street just after 4 p.m. Saturday, police reported.The victim was struck once in the torso, and was taken to UCMC for treatment, officials said. He is expected to survive his injuries.Investigators are searching for a 19-year-old man in connection with the shooting. A purple, hooded sweatshirt police believe belongs to the suspect was recovered near the scene.Clifton Heights: 2 injuredTwo women were shot in the 300 block of Warner Street at around 1 a.m. Sunday, police said.The women were taken to the hospital and are expected to survive their injuries. Saunders said the women were in their late teens to early 20s but he was not sure if they were UC students.Police do not have any information on the incident or suspects.Anyone with any information on these shootings is asked to call the Criminal Investigation Section at 513-353-3542, Crime Stoppers at 513-352-3040 or text CINTIP plus your message to CRIMES (274637). Callers may remain anonymous and may receive compensation for their information.Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky Breaking News"
426,180,613805,"July 23, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,Fountain Avenue,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/brooklyn/teen-girls-men-shot-brooklyn-housing-development-article-1.2723568,"Two teenage girls and two men were shot and wounded outside a Brooklyn housing development Saturday night, and police were looking for a man as the single shooter.The victims had all gathered outside the Cypress Hill Houses on Fountain Ave. near Blake Ave. when an argument led to gunshots just after 9 p.m., cops said.Two men, ages 20 and 21, and a girl, 16, were shot in the leg, while a 15-year-old girl was blasted in the back and arm, cops said.All four were taken to Brookdale Hospital, and were expected to survive their injuries, police said."
427,182,610402,"July 22, 2016",Illinois,Kankakee,300 block of North Wildwood Avenue,0,5,http://www.daily-journal.com/news/crime/th-non-fatal-shooting-in-kankakee-this-year/article_a3a01ba2-ca98-5610-a2ae-849445683bb5.html,"Please purchase a subscription to read our premium content. If you have a subscription, please log in or sign up for an account on our website to continue.Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.Snow showers this evening. Becoming partly cloudy later. Some rain may mix in. Low 26F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of snow 80%..Snow showers this evening. Becoming partly cloudy later. Some rain may mix in. Low 26F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of snow 80%.Updated: April 20, 2021 @ 3:28 pmThe three shootings in Kankakee that injured eight during the weekend has brought the number of nonfatal shootings in the city this year to 24.The latest shooting occurred at about 3:30 a.m. Sunday in the 1100 block of North Chicago Place. Two men were shot.According to a police report, a caller told dispatchers they heard 10 to 20 shots.Several cars were seen fleeing when officers arrived. There were many people in the street and sidewalk but ""no one was willing to talk,"" according to the report.A 23-year-old man from Indianapolis was treated at Riverside Medical Center for a gunshot wound to his left thigh. He told police he was visiting and unsure of the address he was at when shot.The other victim, 30-year-old Angelo D. Lewis, of North Aurora, was arrested upon his release from Presence St. Mary's Hospital after treatment for a wound to his right leg. He was charged with two counts of possession of a controlled substance. The drugs were discovered when they fell out the pocket of his pants. A judge set his bond at $25,000 on Monday.One shell casing and a bullet fragment were found in the street.On Saturday, one man was reportedly shot and another pistol whipped during an home invasion in the 900 block of East Mulberry Street.Five people suffered nonlife-threatening wounds after two men opened fire on a group of people in the 300 block of North Wildwood Avenue at about 10 p.m. Friday.According to a report, police were called to North Wildwood and East Locust Street for a report of a gunshot victim.A 22-year-old man was shot in the right leg. He told police he was shot in the 300 block of North Wildwood Avenue. He proved unhelpful to investigators.Two men, ages 26 and 22, were found shot near a home on 300 North Wildwood. A fourth victim, an 18-year-old man, was found in the alley.Police learned later of a fifth victim, an 19-year-old man, who was taken by others to St. Mary's.Several shell casings and bullet fragments were found at the scene and at North Wildwood and East Locust.Police said potential witnesses were not cooperating.Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles."
428,183,609402,"July 21, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,4400 block of South Leamington,0,5,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/four-wounded-in-austin-shooting/,"Filed under:Five people were shot Thursday night on the same Austin neighborhood block where at least six more people have been wounded in gunfire since last weekend.About 9:30 p.m., the group was on a sidewalk in the first block of South Leamington when someone in a passing gray car opened fire, according to Chicago Police.A 23-year-old man shot in the ankle was taken to Stroger Hospital along with a 23-year-old woman who was shot in the left foot. A 24-year-old man shot in both ankles and the forearm was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, as was a 22-year-old man with graze wounds to both knees. The fifth victim, a 20-year-old woman, took herself to Loretto Hospital with a graze to the right arm.Police said four of the five victims have documented gang ties. All their conditions were stabilized.It was the fourth shooting on the block since early Saturday, when a man was shot whiledrivingshortly before a separatetriple-shooting. Two more people were shot in anotherattackearly Sunday.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available."
429,184,608787,"July 20, 2016",California,Fresno,5100 block of E Hedges Ave,0,4,http://www.yourcentralvalley.com/news/three-men-shot-a-fourth-wounded-by-shrapnel-in-se-fresno,"YourCentralValley.comby:Kathryn HerrPolice were called at 9:15 Wednesday night about a victim of a shooting. Police say the victims all knew each other and all had been at one apartment.The victims are 20 to 35 to 40 years old. They are being treated for their wounds.Police do not have a motive for the shooting.Anyone with information is asked to Fresno Police at 621-7000 or Crime Stoppers at 498-STOP. You can remain anonymous.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.Shares of United Airlines tumbled by 8.5% Tuesday after the airline reported a larger first-quarter loss than expected and suggested that key business and international travel won't recover significantly until next year.United reported a first-quarter loss of $1.36 billion after the market closed Monday. Business and international travel are still down about 80% from pre-pandemic levels.Veteran film executives Nancy Utley and Steve Gilula who in their two decades at Searchlight Pictures oversaw the releases of major hits including “Juno,” “Slumdog Millionaire,” “Little Miss Sunshine” and “The Grand Budapest Hotel” are retiring.Disney Studios Content said Tuesday that Searchlight’s longtime heads of production Matthew Greenfield and David Greenbaum will now jointly run the company as co-presidents. It’s the latest leadership shakeup in the old Fox ranks since The Walt Disney Co.’s $71.3 billion acquisition of 21st Century Fox assets in March 2019.ATHENS, Greece (AP) — The powerful Church of Greece said Tuesday it would allow the faithful to take part in Orthodox Easter services next week but limit attendance and hold the services earlier in the day to conform with a government-imposed curfew.The decision comes despite Greece reporting a high number of COVID-19 cases and deaths, and as the country's hospitals are struggling to treat unprecedented numbers of intubated patients. Orthodox Easter services were canceled last year, when Greece had much fewer confirmed cases.Do you have a problem that you need help solving? Contact CBS47 and let us beOn Your Side.Phone: 559-761-0383Email:OnYourSide@cbsfresno.com"
430,185,607265,"July 19, 2016",Arkansas,West Memphis,13th Street and Tyler Avenue,0,4,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/32483894/4-people-shot-in-west-memphis-drive-by,"WEST MEMPHIS, AR (WMC) - Four people were shot in a drive-by in West Memphis.Three of those victims were taken to the hospital with minor injuries. The fourth victim is in critical condition.The shooting happened at the corner of 13th Street and Tyler Avenue.Police Chief Donald Oakes said the four were standing outside a home when someone drove by and shot at them. Oakes said the victims then started shooting back.Police believe there may be other victims that were grazed in the shooting.Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
431,187,605367,"July 17, 2016",Michigan,Detroit,Grand River and McGraw avenue,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2017/06/baton_rouge_police_ambush.html,"Law enforcement near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)The Louisiana Governor's Mansion is lit up blue in honor of the law enforcement officers who were killed and wounded in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)State Police cross Airline Highway near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement work near the scene where three officers where killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)A Baton Rouge Police vehicle is towed away from near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement at OLOL Regional Medical Center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 16, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana State Police Superintendent Mike Edmonson speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Baton Rouge chief of police, Carl Dabadie Jr., speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Baton Rouge Mayor Kip Holden speaks during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. Multiple police officers were killed and wounded Sunday morning in a shooting near a gas station in Baton Rouge. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)In this undated frame grab made from a YouTube video shows Gavin Eugene Long. Long, 29, was identified by law enforcement, as the man that shot and killed three police officers in Baton Rouge, La. , Sunday, July 17, 2016. (YouTube via AP)Fynleigh Gerald, 3, places a flower on her father's casket as her mother Dechia Gerald, right, looks on as slain Baton Rouge Police officer Matthew Gerald, is laid to rest at the Louisiana National Cemetery in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather at the Louisiana National Cemetery for the burial service of fallen officer Matthew Gerald in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)DEMCO workers hold flags in the air as they wait for the funeral procession for slain Baton Rouge Police officer Matthew Gerald to arrive at the Louisiana National Cemetery in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather for the funeral of fallen sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola at the Istrouma Baptist Church in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola, an East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)The casket of East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola arrives at the Istrouma Baptist Church for funeral services in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather for the funeral of fallen sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola at the Istrouma Baptist Church in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola, an East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)This undated photo made available by the Baton Rouge Police Dept., La., shows Police officer Matthew Gerald. Gerald, 41, was killed by Gavin Eugene Long in Baton Rouge, LA., Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Baton Rouge Police Dept. via AP)In this 2016 photo provided by Trenisha Jackson, her husband, Baton Rouge Police Officer Montrell Jackson, holds his son Mason at a Father's Day event for police officers in Baton Rouge, La. Montrell Jackson and two other Baton Rouge law enforcement officers investigating a report of a man with an assault rifle were killed July 17, 2016. (Courtesy of Trenisha Jackson via AP)In this Sunday, July 17, 2016, security video frame grab made available by the Louisiana State Police shows Gavin Eugene Long dressed in black and carrying a gun in Baton Rouge, La. Authorities said Long ambushed law enforcement officers fatally shooting multiple officers and injuring several others before he was killed. (Louisiana State Police via AP)This undated photo made available by the East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office shows deputy Brad Garafola. Garafola and at least two other Baton Rouge law enforcement officers investigating a report of a man with an assault rifle were killed Sunday, July 17, 2016, less than two weeks after a black man was fatally shot by police here in a confrontation that sparked nightly protests that reverberated nationwide. (East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office via AP)Police guard the emergency room entrance of Our Lady Of The Lake Medical Center in Baton Rouge, La., Sunday, July 17, 2016. Three law enforcement officers were killed and three others wounded Sunday morning in a shooting near a gas station in Baton Rouge, less than two weeks after a black man was shot and killed by police here, sparking nightly protests across the city. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)Candles are lit on the table holding photographs of the slain officers during the ""Shining a Light for Peace by Candlelight"" vigil in honor of Officer Montrell Jackson on the grounds of Istrouma High School in Baton Rouge, Tuesday, July 19, 2016. (Photo by Ted Jackson,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)The Louisiana Governor's Mansion is lit up blue in honor of the law enforcement officers who were killed and wounded in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)State Police cross Airline Highway near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement work near the scene where three officers where killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)A Baton Rouge Police vehicle is towed away from near the scene where three officers were killed in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement at OLOL Regional Medical Center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 16, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana State Police Superintendent Mike Edmonson speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Baton Rouge chief of police, Carl Dabadie Jr., speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Baton Rouge Mayor Kip Holden speaks during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. Multiple police officers were killed and wounded Sunday morning in a shooting near a gas station in Baton Rouge. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards speaks about the shooting of multiple law enforcement officers during a press conference at the state emergency operations center in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)In this undated frame grab made from a YouTube video shows Gavin Eugene Long. Long, 29, was identified by law enforcement, as the man that shot and killed three police officers in Baton Rouge, La. , Sunday, July 17, 2016. (YouTube via AP)Fynleigh Gerald, 3, places a flower on her father's casket as her mother Dechia Gerald, right, looks on as slain Baton Rouge Police officer Matthew Gerald, is laid to rest at the Louisiana National Cemetery in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather at the Louisiana National Cemetery for the burial service of fallen officer Matthew Gerald in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)DEMCO workers hold flags in the air as they wait for the funeral procession for slain Baton Rouge Police officer Matthew Gerald to arrive at the Louisiana National Cemetery in Zachary on Friday, July 22, 2016. Gerald, 41, a Baton Rouge Police officer, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather for the funeral of fallen sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola at the Istrouma Baptist Church in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola, an East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)The casket of East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola arrives at the Istrouma Baptist Church for funeral services in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)Law enforcement, family, friends, and members of the community gather for the funeral of fallen sheriff's deputy Brad Garafola at the Istrouma Baptist Church in Baton Rouge on Saturday, July 23, 2016. Garafola, an East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy, was one of three law enforcement officers killed Sunday (July 17) by 29-year-old Gavin Long. (Photo by Brett Duke,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)This undated photo made available by the Baton Rouge Police Dept., La., shows Police officer Matthew Gerald. Gerald, 41, was killed by Gavin Eugene Long in Baton Rouge, LA., Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Baton Rouge Police Dept. via AP)In this 2016 photo provided by Trenisha Jackson, her husband, Baton Rouge Police Officer Montrell Jackson, holds his son Mason at a Father's Day event for police officers in Baton Rouge, La. Montrell Jackson and two other Baton Rouge law enforcement officers investigating a report of a man with an assault rifle were killed July 17, 2016. (Courtesy of Trenisha Jackson via AP)In this Sunday, July 17, 2016, security video frame grab made available by the Louisiana State Police shows Gavin Eugene Long dressed in black and carrying a gun in Baton Rouge, La. Authorities said Long ambushed law enforcement officers fatally shooting multiple officers and injuring several others before he was killed. (Louisiana State Police via AP)This undated photo made available by the East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office shows deputy Brad Garafola. Garafola and at least two other Baton Rouge law enforcement officers investigating a report of a man with an assault rifle were killed Sunday, July 17, 2016, less than two weeks after a black man was fatally shot by police here in a confrontation that sparked nightly protests that reverberated nationwide. (East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office via AP)Police guard the emergency room entrance of Our Lady Of The Lake Medical Center in Baton Rouge, La., Sunday, July 17, 2016. Three law enforcement officers were killed and three others wounded Sunday morning in a shooting near a gas station in Baton Rouge, less than two weeks after a black man was shot and killed by police here, sparking nightly protests across the city. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)Candles are lit on the table holding photographs of the slain officers during the ""Shining a Light for Peace by Candlelight"" vigil in honor of Officer Montrell Jackson on the grounds of Istrouma High School in Baton Rouge, Tuesday, July 19, 2016. (Photo by Ted Jackson,Nola.com| The Times-Picayune)The first call came in from Baton Rogue Police Department Officer Matthew Gerald. He calmly asked a 911 dispatcher on July 17, 2016, to send ""a couple units"" to the convenience store on Airline Highway where a man carrying what looked to be an assault rifle was spotted.The second 911 call came from BRPD Officer Montrell Jackson: ""Supposed to be a guy with a rifle next to the building,"" Jackson says.The third came from East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Deputy Brad Garafola. He told the dispatcher, ""A lady came up and said there is a subject walking with a coat and an assault rifle out here behind the store.""About 36 second later, a follow-up dispatch from Garafola: ""Headquarters, shots fired! Officer down! Shots Fired! Officer down! ... got a city officer down, shots fired ... shots fired on Airline!...unknown where the subject's shooting from!""Details of the roughly 13-minute encounter between shooter Gavin Long, the six officers he shot and the Special Response Team officers who stopped him were released Friday (June 30) during a press conference in Baton Rouge. Jackson, 32, and Gerald, 41, and Garafola, 45, were all killed in the attack. Three other officers were wounded.BRPD Officer Chad Montgomery, who was shot and released from the hospital that day, is heard a few seconds later saying, ""Shots still fired! Shots still fired! In the back. I'm bleeding on the head - I think I'm alright.""East Baton Rouge Parish District Attorney Hillar Moore on Friday (June 30) released 911 calls, video surveillance, 150 still photos and lengthy reports from the investigation into the deadly ambush of law enforcement officers in Baton Rouge. He said his office was making public the result of ""hundreds of hours"" of investigative work by his staff and the Louisiana State Police.Though the encounter lasted a number of minutes, Moore said, the attack would ""remain with this community for its history."" The release of the images and video, which show the shoulders of the black-clothed gunman hunched over his rifle and firing on the run will be difficult for the family and loved ones of those who died and were wounded, Moore said. But because of the complexity of the case and the impact it has had on the community, he said, it was in the best interest to explain to the public ""exactly what happened"" that day.The attack occurred amid rising racial tensions over a series of shootings involving police officers across the country. Just 10 days earlier, a sniper fired on a group of police officers in Dallas, killing five officers and wounding nine others. Two civilians were also wounded. Two days before that, an officer in Baton Rouge killed 37-year-old Alton Sterling, a black man, during a struggle that was captured on two cellphone videos and sparked nightly protests in the city.Federal prosecutors and FBI officials in May announced there was not enough evidence to charge the Baton Rouge officers involved in the Sterling shooting with civil rights violations. The case was handed over to Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry, who will determine if state criminal charges are applicable.Shortly after the ambush, investigators revealed the lone gunman was from Kansas City, Mo., and had targeted officers that morning.Moore said his office's investigation found ""there was no doubt"" that officers who fatally shot Long were ""completely justified."" They ""saved more lives than were taken,"" he said.During the press conference, Moore revealed that the gunman -- having already shot six officers -- twice reached for his rifle after being dropped by return fire from responding authorities.The district attorney narrated the encounter as he showed reporters a real-time diagram of the crime scene, including movements of the gunman and of the officers. Moore said after the gunman targeted six officers with gunfire, he was shot in the leg by a Special Response Team officer and fell facedown on the ground.The SRT officers yelled commands like, ""Don't move!"" Moore said, but the wounded gunman was seen reaching for his rifle. Four SRT officers fired rounds at him after they saw the reach, Moore said. The shooter was seen again reaching for his rifle, Moore said, at which point five SRT officers fired their guns, killing him.Prior to the SRT officers' arrival, the gunman went back after shooting Gerald and fired more shots, Moore said.Nick Tullier, an East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's deputy, ""crawled"" inside his car after he was shot while responding to the scene, Moore said. The gunman then moved toward the car and fired into it, he said. Tullier continues with his recovery in a rehabilitation facility today.Also wounded was Sheriff's Deputy Bruce Simmons, who was released from the hospital four days after he was shot. Officials said then he would need multiple shoulder surgeries.The Associated Press contributed to this story.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
432,188,604762,"July 17, 2016",Louisiana,Baton Rouge,9611 Airline Hwy,4,3,http://www.chron.com/houston/article/Father-of-three-killed-while-walking-into-8382881.php,"A father of three who stopped at a Walgreen's store in northeast Houston for a snack was fatally shot early Sunday morning, a bystander struck by gunfire intended for a group of teenagers, police said.The victim, 49-year-old Edward Long, had stopped at the store at Tidwell and Homestead with his girlfriend. He was shot at about 1 a.m. as he walked into the store.Long ""had nothing to do with this incident, other than being here at the wrong time."" said Robert Klementich, a Houston police detective.Klementich said there were ""strong indications"" the drive-by shooting was gang-related. Long was simply caught in the crossfire. He was pronounced dead at the scene.The teenagers were also struck but sustained non-life-threatening injuries. Two of the teens, both 18, were taken by ambulance to Ben Taub Hospital. The third, a 15-year-old, was transported by private vehicle to Lyndon B. Johnson Hospital.Long's girlfriend, Melinda Moreno, and others posted tributes to Long, who lived in north Houston and had attended Kashmere High School, according to his Facebook profile.""RIP I love you so much I am so full of pain [right] now,"" Moreno wrote on Facebook. ""Only God knows why.""Moreno's mother, Joann Moreno, wrote on Facebook that her daughter and her boyfriend went to the store that night ""not knowing that this was going to be the last trip to Walgreens together.""""He was a son and a father and a brother and uncle and a friend to many,"" she added.Police are asking for the public's help in identifying and locating the person responsible for the shooting.A candlelight vigil for Long will be held Monday at 7:30 p.m. at Rosewood Park.Lauren Caruba has reported on health and medicine at the Express-News since September 2018. She has been a staff writer since late 2016, previously covering education and the fight for transgender rights.During the coronavirus pandemic, Lauren has led the paper's medical coverage, detailing how the crisis is impacting the health care system and San Antonio community. She has embedded in COVID-19 units and emergency rooms across the city, observing and interviewing health care workers on the front lines of the pandemic. Her coverage has also delved into the virus' impact on patients and their families, including how the lack of hospital visitation has complicated end-of-life decisions.Prior to joining the Express-News, she was an investigative fellow for the Houston Chronicle, where she focused on criminal justice and the environment. Lauren grew up in the Chicago suburbs and graduated from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism in 2015."
433,190,604275,"July 16, 2016",Ohio,Cleveland,5000 block of Euclid Avenue,0,5,http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2016/07/5_shot_outside_the_agora_multi.html,"cleveland police car.jpgFive people were shot outside the Agora Theatre early Saturday, police said.(File photo)CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Five people were shot outside theAgora Theatre and Ballroomearly Saturday, police said.Investigators suspect multiple gunmen were involved in the shooting that happened around 2 a.m. in the 5000 block of Euclid Avenue, according to a Cleveland police news release.One victim was taken to MetroHeatlh, two were taken to Cleveland Clinic and two others were taken to University Hospitals. Information about their conditions was not available Saturday morning.It's unclear if the victims knew the shooter or if it was a random shooting. All victims and witnesses were uncooperative, police said.The event was not believed to be related to the Republican National Convention, Cleveland police spokeswoman Sgt. Jennifer Ciaccia said.Damn Near Naked club promotions was hosting a party at Agora on Friday night, according to posts on Twitter.Investigators found casings from three different caliber guns on the scene, Ciaccia said.There was no mention of a possible motive.The shooting remains under investigation.If you wish to discuss or comment on this story, please visit ourcrime and courts comments section.Like Chanda Neely on Facebook.Follow me on Twitter:Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
434,191,604233,"July 16, 2016",California,Bakersfield,621 Stephens Dr,1,14,http://bakersfieldnow.com/news/local/coroner-rules-homicide-for-man-found-dead-in-apartment-near-mass-injury-party-shooting,
435,192,605005,"July 16, 2016",California,San Bernardino,1200 block of West 25th Street,0,4,http://ktla.com/2016/07/17/4-teens-shot-injured-outside-house-party-in-san-bernardino/,"KTLAby:Erin Myers,Tracy BloomAn investigation was underway in San Bernardino after multiple teens were injured in a shooting outside a house party. (Credit: Newspro News)Four teenagers were injured after being shot at a house party in San Bernardino late Saturday night, police said.Officers were called to a large party in the 1200 block of West 25th Street after neighbors reported hearing gunshots fired shortly before midnight, according to a news release from the San Bernardino Police Department.They arrived at the home and located witnesses who told them a shooting had occurred outside in the back yard, the release stated.None of the gunshot victims were at the scene when officers arrived; investigators later learned that four teens who said they had been shot at the party had transported themselves to two local hospitals, according to police.The victims were an 18-year-old man, and three females, ages 19, 17 and 15, the release said. A fifth victim who went to the hospital was found to have been injured while she ran away from the scene.Their conditions were not immediately known, but all were expected to survive.The gunman, described by police as a Hispanic man in his 20s, fled the scene before officers arrived, according to the release.A motive for the shooting is not known.Anyone with information about the incident is urged to call police at 909-384-5742.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access."
436,193,604175,"July 16, 2016",Tennessee,Clarksville,1348 College Street,0,6,http://www.theleafchronicle.com/story/news/2016/07/16/5-shot-clarksville/87173430/,"CLARKSVILLE —  Six people were shot early Saturday morning outside a College Street nightclub and Clarksville Police are looking for a vehicle caught on surveillance footage and the person connected to it.Police were called to the 1300 block of College Street after shots were fired at 1:58 a.m., according to a CPD news release.Police were gathering evidence in the area outside a nightclub called El Punto Saturday morning. Sallee Drive, which leads to the club's parking lot, was blocked off by crime scene tape until about 8 a.m.Six people suffered gunshot wounds and were taken to Tennova Healthcare.Clarksville Police Department Spokeswoman Natalie Hall said some of the victims were then taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center In Nashville but she did not know how many and could not provide information on their conditions.She did not say what may have led to the shooting.""It appears that this was not a random shooting and does not pose a threat to the general public,"" she wrote in Saturday afternoon news release.The initial news release said there were five victims.Police released grainy photos taken from a surveillance camera that shows a car that police believe is connected to the shooter.One person police had sought earlier Saturday as a possible witness has been identified and is no longer sought by police.Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Eric Ewing at 931-648-0656, ext. 5447, or Detective Daniel Wimmer at extension 5527, or call or text Crimestoppers TIPS Hotline at 931-645-TIPS (8477) – Text to 274637 (CRIMES).Reach Reporter Stephanie Ingersoll at singersoll@theleafchronicle.com or on Twitter @StephLeaf"
437,195,603475,"July 14, 2016",Texas,Crosby,400 block of Pecan Avenue,3,1,http://www.click2houston.com/news/1-dead-2-others-injured-in-driveby-shooting-in-crosby-neighborhood-deputies-say,"CROSBY, Texas– Deputies are searching for a gunman after three people were killed and another person injured Thursday night in a driveby shooting inside a neighborhood in Crosby, according to the Harris County Sheriff's Office.Deputies said a 911 call came in around 7:45 p.m. regarding a shooting in progress at a home in the 12000 block of Locust Street in east Harris County.Officers said all three victims are men. One man was pronounced dead at the scene while two others died at area hospitals.Investigators said the shooter left the scene in a gray-colored Nissan.Homicide investigators are still searching for a motive.Copyright 2016 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.If you need help with the Public File, call (713) 778-4745."
438,196,603733,"July 14, 2016",California,Oakland,1600 block of 7th Street,0,4,http://www.eastbaytimes.com/breaking-news/ci_30131992/oakland-four-hospitalized-after-shooting,"Trending:OAKLAND — Police in Oakland are investigating a shooting Thursday night that sent four people to the hospital.Officers with the Oakland Police Department responded at 10:08 p.m. to a shooting in the 1600 block of 7th Street and learned four people had been shot.The victims, identified as three men and one woman, were transported to the hospital.No other information on the incident was immediately available.Copyright © 2016 by Bay City News, Inc. — Republication, Rebroadcast or any other Reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.Get Morning Report and other email newsletters"
439,197,603738,"July 14, 2016",Ohio,Akron,900 block of Moeller Avenue,1,3,http://www.cleveland.com/akron/index.ssf/2016/07/man_shot_to_death_in_akron_vig.html#incart_river_home,"Akron police 4A 22-year-old Stow man was shot to death late Thursday while attending a vigil in Akron, police said.(File photo)AKRON, Ohio - Theman shot to deathlate Thursday has been identified by the Summit County Medical Examiner.Eric Gaiter, 22, of Stow, was shot about 10:40 p.m. Thursday on the 900 block of Moeller Avenue in Akron's Lane-Wooster neighborhood. He was pronounced dead at the scene.Three other people were injured in the shooting. A 20-year-old man was shot in the chest several times, and two women - ages 28 and 30 - were shot in their legs, according to an Akron police news release. Their conditions are unknown.Those injured in the shooting were attending a 10:30 p.m. vigil for Ronnie Travis, who was shot to death in Akron in July 2014, the news release says. About 100 people - including small children - were at the vigil.No shooting suspects have been identified, and no arrests have been made.Anyone with information about the shooting, including cell phone video of the vigil, is asked to contact Akron police's Detective Bureau at 330-375-2490.If you'd like to comment on this post, please visit the cleveland.comcrime and courts comments section.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
440,199,602765,"July 13, 2016",Missouri,Saint Louis,3000 block of Miami St,2,2,https://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/ex-boyfriend-charged-in-murders-of-st-louis-elementary-school/article_5d67a7d8-a554-5e26-b6ef-c77be9c191cf.html,"Police at the scene of a shooting Wednesday night, July 13, 2016, in the 3000 block of Miami Street where two people were killed, another hospitalized, and an officer responding to the scene was grazed in the leg. Photo by Jeremy Kohler,jkohler@post-dispatch.comUPDATEDat 6:45 p.m. Thursday with details from charges against suspect.A St. Louis man has been charged in the murders of his ex-girlfriend — a St. Louis elementary school principal — and one of her friends.Maurice Hoskins, of St. Louis, pleaded guilty to murder and other crimes in the shooting of Jacara Sproaps, and her friend, Maurice Partlow. He also shot and injured Sproaps' 18-year-old son and fired a shot that grazed a responding police officer, according to authorities.Maurice Hoskins, 40, was charged with two counts of murder, five counts of armed criminal action, two counts of assault on a law enforcement officer and assault. Police say Hoskins fatally shot Jacara Sproaps and a friend, Maurice Partlow, then shot and critically injured Sproaps' 18-year-old son.He also fired at responding officers, police say. A bullet ricocheted and grazed one of the officers, who was treated at the scene.Hoskins was ordered held on $2 million bail. He lives in the 4000 block of Hartford Street.Jacara Sproaps in an undated family photo.Sproaps, 38, wasthe principal of Dunbar Elementary School, at 1415 North Garrison Avenue. She started as a teachers assistant for St. Louis Public Schools in 2002. She held several positions before becoming a principal in 2013. She worked hard to make children at the school feel safe, one teacher said.School district officials were notifying staff at Dunbar by phone on Thursday and will have grief counselors available for students and staff when school resumes next month.Sproaps' death is another tragedy for the St. Louis Public Schools aftera pregnant teacher was found murderedin her Central West End home in March.Before Wednesday night's shooting, police said Sproaps and a friend, Maurice Partlow, 40, were talking near her home in the 3000 block of Miami Street about 10:45 p.m. Family members were nearby. Partlow lived a short distance away, in the the 3100 block of Miami, police said. Though police initially described Partlow as Sproaps' current boyfriend, family members said they were friends who had dated in the past.Hoskins, who police said had been harassing Sproaps and her family since she broke off a relationship with him, showed up at her home, according to court documents.Hoskins approached Sproaps and Partlow, who were standing in the street talking, and began yelling, according to court documents. He then pulled a gun from his pocket.The three struggled over the gun, and Hoskins shot Partlow twice in the head, according to court documents. Sproaps and her son ran, and Hoskins chased them, firing his gun at them as they fled from him.Sproaps collapsed in a nearby alley, police say. She had been shot in the back of the head. Her son was shot in the back, but made it inside his home.Police officers heard gunfire and headed to the area with lights and siren on, police said. As they turned onto Miami, Hoskins fired at the patrol car, authorities said. One shot struck the police car, St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said. Another shot ricocheted and grazed an officer in the left shin.The officer who was struck returned fire, but did not hit Hoskins.The gunman fled, but was identified by others in the neighborhood by name, Dotson said. The chief said officers knew him by his criminal record. They found him a few blocks away and took him into custody about 10 minutes after the shootings. The gun was not recovered.Sproaps and Partlow were both pronounced dead at the scene. Sproaps' son was taken to a hospital, where he was in critical but stable condition.Homicide detectives were investigating the crime. Dotson said the department's force investigation unit would not handle the case because the suspect was not struck by the officer's fire. Dotson said the officer who was injured had been with the department for more than four years.The suspect has a long history with police. Court documents show Hoskins was in and out of prison since 1994, with multiple drug and weapons convictions. He is currently on probation for drug charges he pleaded guilty to in 2013.Dotson said his order that police officers work in pairs, which he put in place after last week's fatal shooting of five police officers in Dallas, will continue indefinitely.""When you have individuals that have guns, that are known to law enforcement, that are willing to use their guns in boyfriend-girlfriend disputes, and when police are called, and police respond, to turn that weapon on police officers and fire shots at them — I think we have to take every precaution to keep our police officers safe.""St. Louis Public Schools released a statement Thursday praising Sproaps' contribution to the school system.""Ms. Sproaps was a talented and dedicated principal and a true champion for children. She was taken from us much too soon. She will be missed by her students and co-workers in the District, but she will never be forgotten.""A teacherat Mann Elementarywas found shot to death in her apartment in the 4200 block of West Pine Boulevard on March 24.Jocelyn PetersJocelyn Peters, 30, was seven months pregnant.A childhood friend of her boyfriend wascharged with murder in her death last month. The man charged, Phillip J. Cutler, of Muskogee, Okla, had use of the boyfriend’s car and keys to Peters’ apartment while the boyfriend was out of town, about the time of her death, prosecutors said.Court records say the boyfriend was the father of Peter’s unborn child and say he was an employee of the St. Louis Public Schools but do not identify him by name. Peters’ relatives have said her boyfriend was Cornelius Green, the principal at Carr Lane Visual and Performing Arts Middle School. He has not been charged.Jeremy Kohler of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.Want to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Ashley Jost is the higher education reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.Elisa Crouch is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.Police at the scene of a shooting Wednesday night, July 13, 2016, in the 3000 block of Miami Street where two people were killed, another hospitalized, and an officer responding to the scene was grazed in the leg. Photo by Jeremy Kohler,jkohler@post-dispatch.comJacara Sproaps in an undated family photo.Maurice Hoskins, of St. Louis, pleaded guilty to murder and other crimes in the shooting of Jacara Sproaps, and her friend, Maurice Partlow. He also shot and injured Sproaps' 18-year-old son and fired a shot that grazed a responding police officer, according to authorities.Jocelyn PetersGet up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
441,200,600798,"July 11, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,1800 block of W. North Avenue,0,5,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/bs-md-ci-vigil-shooting-20160711-story.html,"A gunman opened fire minutes into a vigil Monday evening for a homicide victim in West Baltimore, wounding five people.Four women and one man were shot, police said, before the gunman ran away. The crowd scattered into the North Avenue traffic; it was about 6:30 p.m. The five victims, shot in their legs and feet, one woman grazed in her stomach, were all expected to survive.""I thought it was balloons bursting,"" said Keith Bailey, a florist across the street. ""When I looked up, I saw people running. It was hard to see.""""Imagine a crowd of 20 to 30 people and gunshots rang out — pandemonium,"" police spokesman Donny Moses said.The vigil was for Doreen Scofield's 24-year-old son, who was killed Sunday.""We only wanted to celebrate my son, and they're shooting at us,"" said Scofield, whose family escaped without injury. ""What else is it you want? What else do you want? You got my son ... and you're still shooting at us because we have a candlelight vigil? When will it end?""Her son, Jermaine, was shot to death in the 1800 block of W. North Ave. about 1:15 a.m. Sunday. He had two children.""I'm tired. I'm tired,"" his mother said after the vigil. ""It's innocent people being shot. Enough is enough.""Police have not announced any suspects in Scofield's killing. After the shooting Sunday, his mother said she has forgiven the killer, and asked her family not to retaliate.Police wrapped yellow crime tape around the block Monday evening, around the scattered candles and the balloons.A 27-year-old woman was shot in her ankle, a 48-year-old woman was grazed in her stomach, a 31-year-old man was shot in his foot, a 24-year-old woman was shot in her shin, and a 20-year-old woman was shot in her thigh, police said.""There's no rhyme or reason,"" Moses said. ""It can't be explained.""Across the street, Bailey the florist watched the detectives. Too many times this summer, he said, he's been hired to arrange carnations, roses and tiger lilies, another casket spread for another grieving mother.""Every week, I do a funeral for some baby that's been shot,"" he said. ""I'm in the funeral home 24 hours a day.""A total of 344 people were killed in Baltimore last year, 301 of them by gunfire. This year has seen more than 130 shooting deaths to the city — enough to make a florist pack up, Bailey said.""I haven't slept good,"" the 62-year-old said. ""I'm so tired of this.""In September, he plans to retire and leave his stretch of West North Avenue, his block for three decades.""I'm going to go to the ocean and sit by the water, to try and see some new sights.""He watched the detectives, watched the yellow crime tape, the abandoned red and silver balloons, and tealight candles strewn on the sidewalk.tprudente@baltsun.comRecommended"
442,201,601119,"July 11, 2016",Michigan,Jackson,500 block of Summit Avenue,0,4,http://www.mlive.com/news/jackson/index.ssf/2016/08/man_involved_in_several_shooti.html,"Miacha Tillman, 19.JACKSON, MI - A Jackson man involved in several recent shootings and reports of shots fired in Jackson has been charged and arraigned.Miacha Tillman, 19, was arraigned Wednesday afternoon, Aug. 3, by Jackson County Magistrate Fred Bishop, charged with one count of felony possession of a firearm, one count of felony possession of ammunition and one count of felony firearms.Tillman was found hiding in the attic of a home in the 600 block of McBride Street that had been shot at Monday afternoon, Aug. 1 and arrested for illegal possession of a handgun and ammunition, said Jackson Police Deputy Chief Elmer Hitt.The McBride Street shooting is believed to be directly related to the earlier shooting at Greenwood Avenue and First Street that same day, Hitt said.No injuries were reported in both shootings, Hitt said.Tillman was also one of four victims who were injured in a drive-by shooting in the 500 block of Summit Avenue on July 11.The following day, July 12, in what is believed to be a retaliatory attack for the Summit Avenue drive-by, Demarcus Smith was shot in the leg while pumping gas at a gas station on Francis Street, police said.Tillman was out on bond at the time of June 11 shooting, charged with carrying a concealed weapon and obstruction of justice, according to court records.His original bond was revoked Wednesday morning by Jackson County Circuit Court Judge Susan Beebe after being informed of the new charges.Given Tillman's prior charges, Jackson County Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Kelsey McKinnie was granted a requested bond set at $500,000, cash or surety.He is due to appear in court for a pretrial hearing in Beebe's courtroom on Aug. 23 for his previous concealed weapon and obstruction of justice charges.Tillman is scheduled for a probable cause conference at 9:30 a.m., Aug. 12 and preliminary examination at 9:30 a.m., Aug. 17 in Jackson County District Court Judge Michael Klaeren's courtroom for his new charges.Tillman stated he will be hiring his own attorney. He is currently lodged in the Jackson County Jail.To read all of the stories related to the Summit Avenue drive-by shooting,click here.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
443,202,600398,"July 11, 2016",Michigan,Saint Joseph,811 Port St,3,2,https://www.odmp.org/officer/22902-security-supervisor-joseph-p-zangaro,"Berrien County Trial Court, MichiganEnd of WatchMonday, July 11, 2016Security Supervisor Joe Zangaro and Court Officer Ron Kienzle were shot and killed inside the Berrien County Courthouse by an inmate who was attempting to escape at approximately 2:25 pm.The inmate was being returned to a holding cell following a court appearance when he attacked a sheriff's deputy in the corridor behind the courtroom. Officer Kienzle heard the struggle and ran into the corridor. As soon as he opened the door to the corridor the prisoner shot him with the deputy's service weapon.The man escaped into a public hallway where he shot a civilian and exchanged shots with two other court officers, killing Supervisor Zangaro, before being killed by return gunfire.The inmate was in court for two counts of criminal sexual conduct, kidnapping, assault with a dangerous weapon, and domestic assault.Security Supervisor Zangaro had served as the Berrien County Trial Court's director of security for 10 years after having retired from the Michigan State Police after 25 years.escape, sex offenderBerrien County Trial Court, MIEOW: July 11, 2016Rest easyMark MottolaJuly 11, 2020Want even more control of your Reflection?Create a free ODMP account nowfor these benefits:Create an accountfor more options, or use this form to leave a Reflection now.Douglas County Sheriff's Office, OREOW: March 11, 2021Walker County Criminal District Attorney's Office, TXEOW: February 10, 2021Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, FLEOW: April 11, 2021Lexington Police Department, NCEOW: April 17, 2021United States Department of Homeland Security - Customs and Border Protection - United States Border Patrol, USEOW: April 12, 2021Jefferson Davis County Sheriff's Department, MSEOW: April 10, 2021Iowa State Patrol, IAEOW: April 9, 2021Newton Grove Police Department, NCEOW: April 3, 2021Bibb County Sheriff's Office, GAEOW: April 6, 2021Thank you for your submission!Photo/Video will be published upon admin review and approval.Copyright © 1996-2021, The Officer Down Memorial Page, Inc"
444,203,601512,"July 11, 2016",District of Columbia,Washington,5100 block of Call Pl SE,0,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/four-people-shot-in-southeast-washington/2016/07/12/88e6d39e-4816-11e6-acbc-4d4870a079da_story.html,"D.C. police officers wounded a robbery suspect Tuesday during a shootout with the man, who was in an SUV in Southeast Washington, authorities said.Police said they did not know at the time that the man had carjacked the vehicle and that several other people inside were victims. Before the carjacking, police said, the man had robbed four other people at gunpoint and fired at them as they fled.The incident unfolded about 12:10 a.m. near Sixth Street and Alabama Avenue in Congress Heights. No victims, officers or bystanders were injured, police said.Police had initially said that no one was hit by gunfire, but in a later statement, authorities said the alleged gunman, Luvell Alverson, 22, of Suitland, Md., had been shot in the leg.Alverson, who was arrested after a standoff, was charged with armed robbery, kidnapping and assault on a police officer.He is expected to make an initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Wednesday.ShotSpotter, a system that detects the sound of gunfire, alerted officers to the situation.As officers approached the vehicle, a suspect inside opened fire, D.C. Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier said.The chief said the SUV backed up and that officers took cover. “Additional shots were fired from the SUV, and [officers] returned fire,” she said.Police initially took everyone in the SUV into custody but later concluded that one man was responsible.“He will be charged and presented in court tomorrow,” Lanier said. “The remainder of the people appear to be victims.”Police said they did not believe that the shooting was connected in any way to the recent shooting deaths by police in Minnesota and Louisiana. “We don’t have information or believe that it was a targeted attack or a planned attack on police,” said Dustin Sternbeck, the chief D.C. police spokesman.Tensions are high after the two fatal shootings of black men by white police officers, followed by the fatal shootings of five white police officers in Dallas in apparent retaliation. D.C. officers, along with those in many other departments, are currently patrolling streets in pairs.[D.C. police pair up after sniper attack in Dallas leaves five officers dead]In a separate, earlier shooting in Southeast, police said that about 11:15 p.m. Monday, a man and three juvenile women, all in their teens, were shot and wounded in the 5100 block of Call Place SE, near Benning Terrace. It is about five miles from the site of the police shootout, and authorities said they do not believe that the two incidents were related.Police also were called to Call Place because of ShotSpotter. A police report says that when officers arrived, they found the four victims. One was shot in the upper back and thigh, another in the left leg, a third in the right hand and the fourth in the buttocks, according to the report.The only lookout was for a black vehicle. No arrests have been made."
445,204,597366,"July 7, 2016",Louisiana,Baton Rouge,2136 North Lobdell Avenue,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/07/baton_rouge_apartment_shooting.html#incart_river_index,"police lights nightMultiple people were injured early Thursday morning (July 7) during a shooting at a Baton Rouge apartment complex, according to a report from WAFB. The shooting was reported at 3 a.m. (File image via ThinkStock)(Alex_Schmidt)Multiple people were injured early Thursday morning (July 7) during a shooting at a Baton Rouge apartment complex, according to a report fromWAFB. The shooting was reported at 3 a.m.Witnesses told WAFB as many as four people were shot at Hawthorne Heights Apartments on Lobdell Avenue. Authorities said there was a shooting, but did not say how many people were shot.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
446,205,597756,"July 7, 2016",Texas,Dallas,800 Main St,5,9,https://www.odmp.org/officer/22894-senior-corporal-lorne-bradley-ahrens,"Dallas Police Department, TexasEnd of WatchFriday, July 8, 2016Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, Police Officer Michael Krol, Sergeant Michael Smith, and Police Officer Patrick Zamarripa of the Dallas Police Department, and Police Officer Brent Thompson of the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police Department, were shot and killed by an active shooter during a protest in downtown Dallas.As the protesters walked down Main Street, between South Lamar Street and South Market Street, a sniper opened fire on police officers who were providing security for the event. The man shot a total of 12 officers, killing five and wounding seven.The subject was cornered in an adjacent college building and barricaded himself inside for several hours while he spoke to negotiators, during which time he stated he specifically targeted white police officers. He was killed when the Dallas Police Department's Bomb Squad moved an explosive device to the man's location using a robot and detonated it.Corporal Ahrens had served with the Dallas Police Department for 14 years and had previously served with the Los Angeles County, California, Sheriff's Office for 11 years. He is survived by his wife and two children. His wife also serves with the Dallas Police Department.ambush, sniperDallas Area Rapid Transit Police Department, TXEOW: July 7, 2016Dallas Police Department, TXEOW: July 7, 2016Dallas Police Department, TXEOW: July 7, 2016Dallas Police Department, TXEOW: July 7, 2016Rest in heavenly peaceMark MottolaJuly 8, 2020Want even more control of your Reflection?Create a free ODMP account nowfor these benefits:Create an accountfor more options, or use this form to leave a Reflection now.Douglas County Sheriff's Office, OREOW: March 11, 2021Walker County Criminal District Attorney's Office, TXEOW: February 10, 2021Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, FLEOW: April 11, 2021Lexington Police Department, NCEOW: April 17, 2021United States Department of Homeland Security - Customs and Border Protection - United States Border Patrol, USEOW: April 12, 2021Jefferson Davis County Sheriff's Department, MSEOW: April 10, 2021Iowa State Patrol, IAEOW: April 9, 2021Newton Grove Police Department, NCEOW: April 3, 2021Bibb County Sheriff's Office, GAEOW: April 6, 2021Thank you for your submission!Photo/Video will be published upon admin review and approval.Copyright © 1996-2021, The Officer Down Memorial Page, Inc"
447,206,597176,"July 7, 2016",Tennessee,Bristol,536 Volunteer Pkwy,1,4,http://www.local8now.com/content/news/Suspect-in-deadly-Bristol-highway-shooting-indicted-386496771.html,"The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says a Sullivan County Grand Jury has returned indictments against the man accused of killing one person and injuring several others while firing shots at several vehicles on Volunteer Parkway in Bristol last week.Investigators found that Lakeem Keon Scott, 37, was armed with at least two weapons, including a semi-automatic-style rifle and a pistol, and a large amount of ammunition when he started firing through the window of the Days Inn on that highway early Thursday morning. One of the shots hit the hotel clerk. Agents say Scott then began firing at several vehicles driving along Volunteer Parkway. When Bristol Police officers arrived on the scene, investigators say he fired at three of them, injuring one. Officers returned fire, striking Scott as well.Newspaper carrier Jennifer Rooney, 44, was on her way way to pick up papers for her morning delivery when she was struck by one of the bullets. Rooney died from her injuries.Tuesday morning, the Sullivan County Grand Jury indicted Scott on one count of first degree murder, seven counts of attempted first degree murder, and seven counts of employing a firearm in the commission of a dangerous felony. When he is released from Bristol Regional Medical Center, Scott will be booked into the Sullivan County Jail on a $500,000 bond.The indictment names several other victims, including: David Whitman Davis, 45; Kathy Fleenor, 66; Harold Fleenor, 73; Deborah Watts, 53; Officer Matthew Cousins, 46; Officer Jonathan Forbes, 28; and Officer Ronald Cowan, 25.TBI investigators say Scott cited anger over recent police killings of black men. Scott is black; all of the victims are white.The TBI investigation continues along with support from the FBI; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; the Sullivan County Sheriff's Office; Bristol Police Department; and Kingsport Police Department."
448,207,595557,"July 5, 2016",California,Los Angeles,56th Street and Naomi Avenue,0,4,http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Several-Wounded-Shooting-South-Los-Angeles-385512571.html,"At least four people were injured in a shooting near South Los Angeles early Tuesday morning, police said.The shooting was reported just before 1 a.m. near 56th Street and Naomi Avenue, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.The four victims were transported to a hospital, one with serious injuries and the other three were in stable condition, police said.Top news of the dayThe shooting was under investigation."
449,208,595166,"July 4, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,419 Chauncey St,0,7,http://abc7ny.com/news/7-people-shot-during-july-4-barbecue-in-brooklyn/1413599/,WATCHLIVE7 shot at barbecue in Brooklyn
450,209,595069,"July 4, 2016",Texas,Houston,1312 Robin,3,2,http://www.houstontx.gov/police/nr/2019/apr/nr190405-6.htm,Jerome MooreUupdate: KJS/JKS 4-5-19JFC/VHS 7-5-16Inc. #086132616Home•311 Help & Info•Contact Us•FAQs•Privacy Policy•CitizensNet
451,211,595279,"July 4, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Englewood),5500 block of South Hermitage Avenue,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160706/west-englewood/after-child-shot-neighbors-urged-step-it-up-reveal-gangbangers,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.WEST ENGLEWOOD — TheFourth of July shooting of two childrenprompted a neighborhood meeting on a street corner Tuesday night, with some speakers urging the community to turn in the criminals.""When our grandsons and nephews do the shooting, we run into the house and lock the door. It's time to stand up and say 'This will not be accepted,' "" said Devry Graham, president of Graham Funeral Directors and Cremation Services.The gathering of about 100 people, at 56th Street and Hermitage  Avenue, included 15th Ward Ald. Raymond Lopez and Englewood District Cmdr. Larry Watson.Graham told the group that the community needs to have a better relationship with police.""The police have families just like the rest of us, and we can't blame the police for everything,"" Graham said.Lopez echoed Graham, saying ""In every community we've seen bullets hit community members. We know who these offenders are, but we as a community need to step it up and say that we will work with the police to get these situation rectified.""One attendee, Demetrius Nash, said the meeting was a good start, but change won't come until systemic issues that plague neighborhoods like West Englewood are seriously addressed by elected officials.""It's about resources. It's disrespectful to make decisions about young people we don't even engage,"" Nash said. ""You have to engage the young people in order understand your constituents. If you don't go out of your way to engage the youth, you are doing a disservice as a leader.""Meanwhile, a5-year-old girlwho was wounded in the Monday night shooting while playing with fireworks in front of her house has returned home from the hospital and is being cared for by her mother.""There was no need for this,"" said Natasha Williams, the mother of Taniyah Williams.The child was with friends toward the end of the Fourth of July weekend, around 11 p.m., just steps from her home in the 5500 block of South Hermitage Avenuewhen two shooters appeared from a nearby gangway and opened fire, police said.A cousin of Taniyah, 7-year-old Corey Bondurant Jr., also was shot and hospitalized.A 30-year-old woman was shot in her left leg, and a 19-year-old man also was shot in his left leg. Police said they think the shooting was gang-related. No one has been arrested.""I had just gone back inside when my son ran back in and said someone was shooting outside,"" the girl's mother said. ""My son saw my baby limping, and he picked her up and brought her on the porch.""Williams said Taniyah is home from the hospital.""It's sad. She doesn't have crutches, so I have to carry her around to the bathroom and such,"" Williams said, adding that neighborhood ""is usually quiet around here.""Corey Bondurant, father of Corey Jr., released a statement Tuesday, saying  “Corey is out of surgery and is in stable condition.""The shooting was seven blocks west of aMarch 23 shootingof four people in front ofComputer Preschool Academy, in which a stray bullet left a hole in one of the preschool's windows.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
452,213,595482,"July 4, 2016",Arizona,Phoenix,4000 block of West Southern Avenue,2,6,http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix-breaking/2016/07/05/child-shot-two-killed-laveen-shooting/86701514/,"A man and a woman were fatally shot and six others, including a 2-year-old child and three others younger than 18, were wounded in a common area of a trailer park in the Laveen area as they gathered for a Fourth of July celebration, authorities said.The shots were fired from a semiautomatic weapon by someone walking by at about 10:30 p.m. Monday, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said at a news conference Tuesday morning.The shooter remains at large, Arpaio said.Maricopa County Sheriff's Office deputies identified the shooting victims as Armando Cardona, 45, and Naome Innis, 35. The 2-year-old was shot in the arm and transported to a hospital in stable condition, according to Sheriff's Office and fire officials. The other three juveniles suffered non-life-threatening injuries, Arpaio said.MCSO deputies and Phoenix firefighters were called to the 4000 block of West Southern Avenue at about 10:30 p.m., according to the Phoenix Fire Department.The Southern Meadows mobile-home park common area is just off Southern Avenue. Sheriff's investigators were interviewing potential witnesses, some of whom were unclear whether they had heard gunshots or fireworks, Arpaio said.No information was available about a possible motive, Arpaio said.""We need some help to solve this vicious incident,"" Arpaio said.He asked that anyone with information to call the Sheriff's Office at 602-876-1011.The shooting occurred outside Phoenix city limits, but Arpaio said his investigators were in contact with Phoenix police to see if there were any connections between this shooting and others in the area.Rudy Navarrette, 60, said one of the boys shot would come over to his residence and mow his lawn.""It brings tears to my eyes,"" Navarrette said. ""(The boy) upkeeps my yard, he comes here three times a week.""He said it was heartbreaking to see his neighbors shot and killed. Cardona and Innis had been socializing at his place a couple of nights before the shooting.""They were just there at the wrong time,"" he said.Vanessa Vargas, 29, said the shooting made her cautious about her community.""I hate having my kids come outside now,"" Vargas said. ""I don't like them playing out here ... It's horrible."""
453,214,594051,"July 3, 2016",Louisiana,Monroe,401 Lea Joyner Memorial Expy,2,3,http://www.thenewsstar.com/story/news/crime/2016/07/04/arrest-made-civic-center-shooting/86672302/,"A Monroe man was charged second-degree murder and possession of a firearm of a convicted felon following a Sunday morning shooting at the Monroe Civic Center that left two dead and three wounded.On Monday, Monroe Police Chief Quentin Holmes announced that Jaterrious ""Dra"" Godfrey, 24, of 1005 Girod St., Monroe, was arrested following an investigation. Holmes said an arrest warrant was obtained for Godfrey on a count of second-degree murder and a count of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon after witnesses identified him as one of the shooters in the Sunday morning event.UPDATE: Monroe man faces charges in Sterlington officer's deathGodfrey was arrested around 1 a.m. Monday and booked into Ouachita Correctional Center with a bond of $650,000.Holmes previously said officers were dispatched to the Civic Center parking lot shortly after 1:30 a.m. Sunday regarding a fight that had broken out as patrons were leaving a private event attended by as many as 2,000 people.An initial investigation suggested that two groups with a previously existing conflict stated fighting in the parking lot after the event. As officers were responding, gunshots were fired, and five people were hit.Two victims died, and three were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries. The names of the deceased are being withheld pending notification of next-of-kin.2 dead, 3 injured in Civic Center shootingThe party was a BYOB event, according to reports, but Holmes said further investigation, including autopsy reports, would be required to determine if the victims had consumed alcohol before the shooting.Holmes said an update on this case will be provided Tuesday.Follow Bonnie Bolden on Twitter@Bonnie_Bolden_and on Facebook athttp://on.fb.me/1RtsEEP."
454,215,594480,"July 3, 2016",Tennessee,Chattanooga,2300 block of Daisy Street,0,4,https://twitter.com/ChattanoogaPD/status/749802469925027840,"We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using twitter.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.Help CenterTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyImprintAds info© 2021 Twitter, Inc."
455,216,592724,"June 30, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,9500 block of South Loomis Street,1,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/fire-officials-5-shot-1-fatally-in-washington-heights/,"Filed under:Chanda Foreman spent the day before her death going to work, hanging out with her cousin and preparing to go out at night.She went into her job at Comcast early, where her co-workers had decorated her desk and held a party in honor of her 37th birthday on Thursday, her family said.Foreman was among five people shot when a gold Buick with four people inside pulled up and two gunmen opened fire from the back seat about 9:45 p.m. in the 9500 block of South Loomis, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.Foreman, who lived in the 4300 block of West Ford City Drive, was pronounced dead at 10:25 p.m. on the way to Holy Cross Hospital, authorities said.Two men were taken in critical condition to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn after the shooting, which police called gang-related. One, 33, was shot in the neck and the other, 25, suffered gunshot wounds to the arm, side and back. A 45-year-old woman shot in the arm was taken to Little Company of Mary Hospital in Evergreen Park, along with a 54-year-old woman with wounds to the leg and foot, police said. They were in fair-to-serious condition, according to the Chicago Fire Department.Foreman’s family members gathered outside Holy Cross early Friday morning as they learned the news of her death. Some cried and others were dazed and said they couldn’t believe what they were being told.Foreman was inside her car with another woman when two groups of people opened fire on each other from either end of the block and they both were shot, her mother, Cathy Geralds said. The three others were shot on the front porch of Foreman’s aunt’s home, Geralds said.Geralds heard about the shooting from her cousin, whose wife was among the victims, Geralds said. When she arrived at the crime scene, she was told she didn’t want to see her daughter in the condition she was in.“And I knew she was gone,” Geralds said. “She was gone.”Geralds remembered her daughter as a responsible woman who had worked at her job for 10 years. Foreman’s 6-year-old daughter will likely live with her now. Geralds said her daughter had been shot in a previous incident near 79th Street and King Drive.“I didn’t get to talk to her today,” Geralds said. “I sent her a text and wished her a happy birthday.”One of her cousins, who asked not to be named, said she was with Foreman earlier in the day.“She was a great person,” she said. “We were just saying earlier, we were afraid of these streets.”Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available."
456,218,591975,"June 28, 2016",California,Los Angeles,13800 block of S Avalon Boulevard,1,3,http://www.presstelegram.com/general-news/20160629/one-man-killed-three-wounded-in-shooting-in-unincorporated-willowbrook,"Trending:WILLOWBROOK – A man was shot to death and three others were wounded in unincorporated Willowbrook, police said today.The shooting occurred at 10:11 p.m. Tuesday in the 13800 block of South Avalon Boulevard, west of the Harbor (110) Freeway, said Los Angeles County sheriff’s Deputy Lisa Jansen. The man was pronounced dead at the scene and the three wounded men were taken to a nearby hospital, she said.Sheriff’s homicide detectives were investigating the incident, Jansen said.Anyone with information on the shooting is urged to contact homicide detectives at (323) 890-5500 or anonymously via Crime Stoppers at (800) 222- TIPS.Get the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
457,219,591294,"June 28, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,1600 block of South Christiana,0,4,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-violence-shootings-20160628-story.html,"At least 18 people, including a 4-year-old boy, were shot between Tuesday afternoon and early Wednesday in attacks in Chicago, police said.In the attack that wounded the 4-year-old, police responded to a report of someone shot in the 6400 block of South King Drive about 9:10 p.m., in the Parkway Gardens neighborhood, said Officer Thomas Sweeney, a police spokesman.The boy was walking with his mother, brother and a family friend when they heard fireworks followed by gunshots, said Officer Ron Gaines, a Chicago police spokesman. The boy was hit in the face and he was taken to Comer Children's Hospital in serious condition, police said.A 28-year-old woman was in her bed in her home when a bullet went through a window and through a wall, before striking her in the head. She was taken to Stroger Hospital, where she was listed in good condition, Gaines said.Police said the shooters were in a dark-colored four-door vehicle and they were shooting at a group of people who gathered in a building's courtyard.Neither the boy nor the woman was the intended target, police said.One of the boy's relatives, who stood outside Comer Children's Hospital late Tuesday, said the boy was shot in the jaw, but, he added, ""he is going to pull through.""At the shooting scene, dozens of police circled the residential housing complex as neighbors quietly gathered outside their apartment buildings, watching officers. People strolled through the crime scene carrying their groceries, seemingly alarmed by the commotion.""They (expletive) shot a baby,"" one neighbor cried out after several minutes of silence. He craned his neck back and squeezed his eyes shut. ""A baby, man. A baby.""Early Wednesday, the Rev. Corey Brooks announced a $10,000 reward that his nonprofit organization is willing to give to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest and conviction of the shooter.In a separate attack, at least four people were shot about 9:20 p.m. Tuesday in the 1600 block of South Christiana Avenue in the Lawndale neighborhood, according to police.A 25-year-old man was shot in the right arm and chest, and another 25-year-old man was hit in the left arm, said Officer Veejay Zala, a police spokesman.A 22-year-old man was struck in the back, and a 24-year-old man was hit in the right foot.The conditions of all four men were stabilized at Mount Sinai Hospital.The shooting occurred after the victims exchanged words with an unknown group of people in a vacant lot, Zala said.According to Chicago Fire Department media officials, as many as six people were shot in the incident.Four people managed to get to an area hospital themselves, and two people were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where their conditions stabilized, according to fire officials.In other shootings:About 2:05 a.m., a man in his 20s was in a grave condition after getting shot in the 6300 block of South Talman Avenue in the Marquette Park neighborhood, Gaines said. The man was shot three times in the back and once in the head. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where he was listed in “grave” condition, Gaines said.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
458,221,590233,"June 26, 2016",South Carolina,Bennettsville,Highway 38 N,0,4,http://wpde.com/news/local/three-shot-at-nightclub-in-marlboro-county,
459,222,589159,"June 26, 2016",North Carolina,Charlotte,2240 Camp Greene St,0,5,http://www.wbtv.com/story/32316627/arrest-made-in-west-charlotte-bar-shooting-that-injured-five-people,"CHARLOTTE, NC (WBTV) - An arrest has been made in a west Charlotte bar shooting that left five people injured Sunday morning.Treon Monteas Livingston, 33, is charged in a shooting that happened at Reba's Bar and Grill on Camp Greene Street just before 2 a.m. Sunday.Detectives say Livingston fired a gun from the parking lot into the bar, striking five people. One of the victims had serious injuries, but they are all expected to survive.Police believe the shooting stemmed form a previous altercation.""It's sad that someone got hurt over some foolishness that I don't know about, that shouldn't have been around our business at all,"" said Carolyn Black, the owner of Reba's.When police arrived to the scene, they found three of the victims there, before transporting them to CMC-Main. The other two victims had already brought themselves there.Livinston is charged with five counts of attempted murder, five counts of a assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill inflicting serious injury, shooting into an occupied dwelling and possession of a firearm by felon.Detectives identified Livingston as the suspect during the investigation. He remains in custody at the Mecklenburg County Sheriff's Office.CMPD says the case is ongoing. Anyone with additional information is asked to call detectives at 704-432-TIPS or Crime Stoppers at 704-336-1600.PREVIOUS:Reba's Bar and Grill neighbor: 'If I could tackle him, those five people wouldn't have been hurt""Copyright 2016 WBTV. All rights reserved.1 Julian Price Pl.Charlotte, NC 28208(704) 374-3500A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
460,227,589470,"June 25, 2016",Virginia,Norfolk,700 block of Craig Street,0,4,http://wtkr.com/2016/06/26/police-investigating-quadruple-shooting/,"MenuNorfolk, Va. -Norfolk Police have arrested and charged four people in connection with a quadruple shooting that happened in the Berkley neighborhood.Police were dispatched to the 700 block of Craig Street around 10:00 p.m. Saturday.When they arrived, they found three adults and a 17-year-old suffering from apparent gunshot wounds.All victims were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.Officers were in the area at the same time the shooting took place and saw a car speeding away from the scene. Police tried to pull the car over but the driver did not stop. The suspect vehicle hit two cars before coming to a stop.The driver of the car and three passengers got out of the car and ran away. Officers eventually caught up to the suspects and they were taken into custody in the 1600 block of East Indian River Road.All people in the car have been charged with multiple felony offenses.Michael Thomas, 20; Keshawn Brown, 18; and two 16-year-olds have been charged with four counts of malicious wounding, one count of shooting into an occupied dwelling, one count of felony eluding and four counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony.Brown is charged with felony hit and run in addition to the four other charges.While in Norfolk City Jail, Brown spoke to News 3 exclusively. He claims he didn't know the three others were going to shoot the group and says he only drove away from police because he was scared.""I’m driving around and they see a crowd of people and boys started shooting,"" said Brown. ""The police were right there and started coming. I got scared and I kept driving.""Report a typo"
461,228,587983,"June 25, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,1400 block of W. 114th Place,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160626/morgan-park/pregnant-woman-4-others-wounded-morgan-park-shootings-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.MORGAN PARK — Five people were hurt between two shootings in Morgan Park Saturday, police said.First, around 11:45 a.m. Saturday, two women and two men were standing in front of a house in the 1400 block of West 114th Street when someone emerged from a nearby gangway and shot at them before fleeing in an older-model car, according to Officer Kevin Quaid, a Chicago Police spokesman.Two women, 19 and 20, were brought to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where they were both listed in serious condition Sunday morning, police said. The 19-year-old was shot in her right leg and her back, and the 20-year-old was shot in her back.The 19-year-old was pregnant,according to theTribune.Two men, 20 and 23, were brought to Stroger Hospital, police said. The 23-year-old was ""stable"" with a gunshot wound in his buttocks, and the 20-year-old was in fair condition with a gunshot wound in his left leg.Around 11:45 p.m. Saturday night, an 18-year-old man was standing on the front porch of a home in the 9000 block of South Bishop Street when he heard gunshots and felt pain in his left leg, police said.The man was brought to Advocate Christ Medical Center in serious condition, police said.No one is in custody, police said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkNext inBeverly, Mt. Greenwood & Morgan ParkCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
462,229,589046,"June 24, 2016",Kansas,Kansas City,N. 3rd and Walker,0,4,http://fox4kc.com/2016/06/24/seven-people-shot-outside-kck-apartments-two-in-serious-condition/,"FOX 4 Kansas City WDAF-TV | News, Weather, Sportsby:Andrew Lynch,Molly BalkenbushKANSAS CITY, Kan. — Police are investigating a Friday night shooting spree that left four people injured, two of them seriously hurt. Police had originally said that seven people were shot, but amended that number shortly before midnight to four.FOX 4’s Molly Balkenbush reports that two victims were found at the scene near North 3rd and Walker. KCK police say dispatchers received calls from a hospital where they said more victims walked themselves in.Officers say the shooting happened at some kind of gathering outside of an apartment just after 10 p.m., but didn’t elaborate on the circumstances.No details were immediately released about the person or people who fired shots. Anyone who has information that will assist investigating officers is urged to call the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Missouri River is more than 2,300 miles long. American Rivers, an environmental conservation organization group, said the lower half of the river is one of the most endangered rivers in the country. It sits at number two on the group's annual list, the same ranking it received in 2020.The group cites climate change and poor flood management as the major threats. Dams in the upper part of the river and the extensive levee system built along its banks are causes for the river's problems. Levees have been breeched countless times in recent years, flooding farmland and threatening communities along the river. The extensive flooding has caused billions of dollars in damages.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above."
463,230,587735,"June 24, 2016",Connecticut,Hartford,Brook and Winter Street,0,5,http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Hartford-Police-Investigate-Shooting-on-Brook-Street-384353171.html,"Hartford, Connecticut, police are investigating a shooting that injured multiple people in the city’s North End Friday.Police say the Major Crimes Division and Shooting Task Force are investigating the incident, which occurred near the intersection of Brook Street and Mather Street. The injuries are not considered life threatening.More information on the victims was not immediately available."
464,231,587769,"June 24, 2016",Maryland,District Heights,3100 block of Orleans Ave,3,2,http://wjla.com/news/local/maryland-man-indicted-for-shooting-and-killing-3-wounding-2-others,
465,232,586122,"June 22, 2016",Georgia,Stone Mountain,Lancashire Cir and Central Dr,1,3,https://www.wsbtv.com/news/local/dekalb-county/3-people-shot-in-dekalb-county/357421648/,"DEKALB COUNTY, Ga. — DeKalb County police say one person died and at least three others were hurt in a shooting near Stone Mountain.Officers were called to an apartment on Lancashire Drive near Central Drive at about 3 p.m. Wednesday.""I heard like 50 shots. It was going back-to-back like 'pow, pow, pow, pow, pow,"" said witness Ambreia Gray.By 8:15 p.m. Wednesday Channel 2’s Nicole Carr and her photographer got a close look at what was left from the early afternoon gunfire.“Almost sounds like a war zone,” community activist Amos King told Carr.One bullet hole was so big you could see right into the house. All of bullets were scattered across a front door of a Hidden Meadows townhome.DeKalb police say it's the result of a drug deal shootout between two groups.“Unfortunately it was outside. It could have gotten a little worse than it was. We're glad it didn't,” said Maj. Antonio Catlin.One man ran across the street, dropping dead. The victim was identified as 18-year-old Antoine Alexander.Three others who were injured in the shooting are expected to face charges.Police: 1 weapon found on deadly Dekalb Co drug deal shootout scene. 3 confirmed scenes. May be 6+ involved@wsbtv5pic.twitter.com/NuQpWPmFbEKaren Powell told Carr that someone connected to the scene rushed to her home to call his brother, believed to be in the middle of that shootout.""When he was dialing the phone it wouldn't ring. He was saying please answer, please answer the phone and they wouldn't pick up,"" Powell said.“This is very unfortunate today that many people shot in our neighborhood,” King said.King said enough is enough.Drug transaction leads to shooting. Several wounded one dead on Thornewood Ln. Several suspects in custody. Investigation ongoing.#DKPD“You know what's going on in your community. You've got to say something about it,” King said.King said he's organizing a town hall type meeting with police and neighbors at Victory Church next week.Meanwhile, DeKalb police say those injured suspects are at Grady Memorial Hospital and one other hospital. It's unclear what specific charges they'll face."
466,234,586058,"June 22, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,3100 block of West Warren,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160622/garfield-park/garfield-park-shooting-wounds-4-people-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — A shooting in Garfield Park left four people wounded Wednesday, police said.About 1 p.m., the four people were in the 3100 block of West Warren Boulevard when a light-colored sedan drove by and someone in the car shot at the victims, said Officer Michelle Tannehill, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.A 41-year-old man was shot in his leg and torso and a 47-year-old man was shot in his right arm. They were at Stroger Hospital, where their conditions were not released but they were listed as ""stable,"" Tannehill said.A 20-year-old man was hit in his right foot and a 41-year-old man was hit in his left foot. They were at Mount Sinai Hospital, where their conditions were not released but they were listed as ""stable,"" Tannehill said.No one was in custody in the shooting.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
467,235,586044,"June 21, 2016",New Jersey,Willingboro,Mosshill Lane,0,4,http://www.courierpostonline.com/story/news/crime/2016/06/21/gunfire-injures-4-people-willingboro/86175764/,"WILLINGBORO – Three adults and a child suffered injuries after gunshots rang out early Tuesday morning at a large house party in Willingboro.Police said none of the victims were at the scene, on the unit block of Mosshill Lane, when officers arrived at 12:07 a.m. However, they did find spent shell casings on the roadway.A short time later, all four victims arrived at Lourdes Medical Center in Willingboro with injuries that weren’t life-threatening.Police described the victims as a 19-year-old woman who was shot in the foot and later transferred to Cooper University Hospital in Camden; a 22-year-old man shot in the leg; a 20-year-old woman whose leg was grazed; and a 12-year-old child who suffered a graze wound to the arm.Willingboro police investigating the shooting ask anyone with information to contact them at (609) 877-3001 or call the Citizen Tip Hotline at (609) 877-6958."
468,236,585615,"June 21, 2016",Kentucky,Louisville,2802 Rodman Street,2,2,http://www.wave3.com/story/32288815/suspect-arrested-in-double-murder-on-rodman-street,"LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An arrest has been made in a quadruple shooting that left two of the victims dead Tuesday night near Churchill Downs.A Louisville Metro Police Department spokesman said Eric Lee Anthony, 23, was arrested Wednesday night in the 5800 block of Russett Place. He is charged with two counts of murder, two counts of assault, three counts of wanton endangerment, and possession of a handgun by a convicted felon.MUGSHOTS: June 2016 RoundupThe shootings happened inside an apartment in the 2800 block of Rodman Street near the intersection of M Street about 10 p.m. on Tuesday.PREVIOUS STORIES+2 dead, 2 injured in south Louisville shooting+2 men shot, killed near Churchill Downs identifiedTwo of the victims, Monte Compton, 24, and Donte Jefferson, 29, were pronounced dead at the scene. The other two victims, a man and a woman, were taken to University of Louisville Hospital for treatment. They are expected to survive.Copyright 2016WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.725 S. Floyd StreetLouisville, KY 40203(502) 585-2201A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
469,237,583631,"June 19, 2016",Virginia,Roanoke,2328 Melrose Avenue,0,4,http://www.wdbj7.com/content/news/Police-investigat-383546911.html,"Four people were hurt in a shooting overnight in Roanoke.The shooting happened around 3:20 a.m. Sunday morning at Ms. Choc's restaurant, which is on Melrose Avenue.Police say around 150 people were inside the restaurant at the time of the shooting.Two of the victims were taken to the hospital by personal vehicles and the two others were taken by ambulance.No arrests have been made.Call police if you have any information.This is the second shooting near Ms. Choc's restaurant in the past month. A 16-year-old girl was shot in the hip outside of the restaurant on June 5.Roanoke Police are investigating an incident that happened on Melrose Avenue overnight.Our photographer on the scene says there was a heavy police presence Miss Choc's restaurant in the 2400 block.Right now police are not releasing any details about the incident or if anyone was hurt.We'll bring you more information as we get it."
470,239,583537,"June 18, 2016",Georgia,Waycross,2625 Arnold Ct,2,2,http://www.walb.com/story/32255527/waycross-police-investigate-apartment-shooting-two-dead,"WAYCROSS, GA (WALB) - Waycross Police officers responded to shots being fired at Garlington Heights Apartment complex about 10:36 p.m. Saturday.Upon arrival, officials found four people had been shot.Two of the victims, 21-year-old Cameron Wilkins and 32-year-old Felicia Williams, were pronounced deceased by the coroner.The two remaining victims were sent to the hospital for treatment of their wounds. One victim has been released from the hospital while the other remains being treated.Police have no information on possible suspects at this time.Anyone with information on the shooting is asked to call the Waycross Police Department at 912-287-2921 or their 24-hour tip line at 912-287-2924.Copyright 2016WALB.  All rights reserved.P.O. Box 3130Albany, GA 31706(229) 446-1010A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
471,241,580791,"June 14, 2016",California,Oakland,1301 Franklin St,1,3,http://www.eastbaytimes.com/breaking-news/ci_30019171/police-identify-teen-slain-downtown-oakland-shooting,"Trending:OAKLAND — A 16-year-old Antioch girl gunned down while attending a vigil in downtown Oakland has been identified as Reggina Jefferies, police said Wednesday.Reggina, a Deer Valley High School student, was with a group about 5:41 p.m. Tuesday, on the 1300 block of Franklin Street, when a gunman opened fire. She was hospitalized in grave condition and later died; three other teens, two boys and a girl, suffered gunshot wounds and were treated and released from a hospital, according to police.Police did not release any information on a motive for the shooting. Shell casings were discovered at the scene and a vehicle was seeing fleeing eastbound on 13th Street afterward. No suspects have been arrested.The group was attending a vigil in the area of 14th Street and Broadway for two 15-year-old Oakland boys who drowned in Stanislaus County over Memorial Day weekend.Josiah Pratt-Rose and his best friend, Jamari Wilson, died May 28 after jumping into the Woodward Reservoir, apparently without life jackets, according to the Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Department.Oakland police initially said there were as many as six people wounded by gunfire Tuesday, but later changed that figure to four after further medical evaluation determined some of the injuries were not caused by the shooting itself.Pastor Kevin Hope, who officiated the funeral services for the two boys at Acts Full Gospel Church in East Oakland Tuesday, said he was shocked by the events that happened at the vigil afterward.“She performed a praise dance during the funeral service, she did a fantastic job. It’s just an unfortunate tragedy,” Hope said.Several hundred people attended a vigil for Reggina Wednesday evening, sharing stories about the teenager.“Let’s stop the killing and start the healing,” people in the crowd shouted after one fiery testimony from one woman who lamented having to attend funerals as well as graduations.As Oakland police officers stood off to one side by the Golden Lotus, where wooden panels replaced the glass shot out by bullets Tuesday, people stood and listened, showing equal measures of sadness and resolve.Sharon Rafferty, mother of Kris Rafferty, who was on the Fruitvale BART platform when Oscar Grant was later shot and killed by a BART officer, talked about the lingering pain of losing her son to gun violence.“It doesn’t just hurt, and these thugs or cowards on the street, they don’t realize the damage that they do,” she said. “Yes, you have killed your enemies, but you have also killed the mothers, the fathers, the children. … It’s not right.”Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $25,000 in reward for information leading to the arrest of the shooter. Anyone with information can call police at 510-238-3821 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.Get Morning Report and other email newsletters"
472,242,580848,"June 14, 2016",Delaware,Wilmington,South Van Buren and Elm streets,0,4,https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2016/06/14/five-people-shot-wilmington-police-say/85903204/,"Wilmington police have released more details about Tuesday night's shooting that injured several teens.Four children were struck by gunfire just before 9:15 in the area of South Van Buren and Elm streets, said Sgt. Andrea Janvier, a spokeswoman with the Wilmington Police Department.A fifth person, a 37-year-old man, was initially believed to be grazed by a bullet.  However, when evaluated by paramedics, no injuries were found and the man refused medical treatment, Janvier said.One teenager, a 15-year-old boy, is in critical condition at Christiana Hospital. He was shot in his stomach, hand and left leg, Janvier said.Paramedics also took a 16-year-old boy to Christiana Hospital.  He's in stable condition after getting shot in the legs and right arm, Janvier said.Two other victims were taken to the Nemours Alfred I. DuPont Hospital for treatment. A 13-year-old girl is in stable condition with a gunshot wound to her thigh, and a 12-year-old boy is in stable condition after being struck in the hip and feet, Janvier said.Two other shootings have occurred in the Hedgeville neighborhood within the past week.A24-year-old man was shotin the shoulder Monday, and ateen boy was shotin the abdomen last Friday, according to police. Both were described as stable.Police closed several blocks of the neighborhood as they investigated the shootings.At least nine evidence cones could be seen in front of a corner house at South Van Buren and Elm streets.Renee Wise said she was on South Harrison Street heading to her daughter's house when she ran into a number of police throughout the neighborhood.""I didn't know any of this was out here,"" Wise said. ""I looked and I said, 'What is going on?'""Wise, who heard the victims were juveniles, was devastated.""It is absolutely heartbreaking and it is sad, and now it is spilling over out here with these babies out here,"" she said.Wilmington firefighters applied a soapy liquid up the block in front of a boarded building at South Harrison and Elm streets.The investigation is in the preliminary stages and ongoing. Anyone with information relative to this investigation is asked to call Detective Lindsay Hageman at (302) 576-3630 or Detective A. Reddick at (302) 576-3649.STORY:15-year-old girl shotfollowingparty near FeltonSTORY:Two injured in Bear-area shooting Sunday, police saySTORY:Man falls asleep, fatally crashes into 84-year-old woman, police say"
473,244,579786,"June 13, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,Avenue D and E. 57th,0,5,http://www.poughkeepsiejournal.com/story/news/crime/2016/06/15/kentucky-man-charged-felony-firearm-possession-stanford/85929026/,"STANFORD - A Kentucky man was charged with felony firearm possession Saturday after police say he possessed a gun he was not permitted to carry in New York.State police from the Poughkeepsie barracks charged Eugene W. Wolfe Jr., 43, of Crestwood, Kentucky with criminal possession of a firearm, a class E felony.Wolfe was operating a Dodge pickup truck towing a “loaded car trailer” as he entered the Taconic State Parkway at Bulls Head Road, according to police, and was stopped “in accordance with parkway rules and regulations.”During the interview with police, Wolfe told the officer there was a “Ruger LCP handgun” inside the vehicle. Although Wolfe is licensed to carry handguns in the state of Kentucky, he did not possess a permit to carry a handgun in the state of New York, police said.Wolfe was transported to the Poughkeepsie barracks where he was processed and released after posting $750 station bail. He is scheduled to appear in the Town of Stanford Court June 22.Abbott Brant: abrant@poughkeepsiejournal.com; 845-437-4809; Twitter: @AbbottBrantPoJo"
474,245,580279,"June 13, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,3200 block of West Congress,0,5,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/5-men-shot-in-east-garfield-park/,"Filed under:Five men were shot late Monday in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side.The group was standing outside about 11:35 p.m. in the 3200 block of West Congress when shots rang out, according to Chicago Police.A 32-year-old man suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was taken in critical condition to Mount Sinai Hospital, police said. Another man, 28, was shot in the mouth and also taken to Sinai in good condition.A 33-year-old man was shot in the left foot: a 32-year-old man suffered a gunshot wound to the buttocks; and a 34-year-old man was shot in the left arm, police said. They were all taken to Stroger Hospital, where each man was listed in good condition.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.Time is short, however, with only seven regular season games left for each of the Bulls and Blackhawks.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
475,246,577157,"June 12, 2016",Florida,Orlando,1912 S Orange Ave,50,53,http://www.local10.com/news/orlando-nightclub-shooting/pulse-shooting-recorded-by-miami-man-hiding-in-bathroom,"Erica Rakow, ReporterErica Rakow, ReporterORLANDO, Fla.– Miguel Leiva didn't listen when gunman Omar Mateen told patrons huddled in a bathroom at Pulse Orlando nightclub to come out or else they'd die.""Fifteen or 20 of us, maybe even 30 of us, stayed in the stall,"" the Miami man, who was in visiting his girlfriend in Orlando, said.They stayed there for about four hours.""We just stayed quiet, and everybody's phone kept ringing,"" Leiva said. ""The only way we knew to, like, let our families know, you know, we're OK, we're OK, was just to record it and let them hear that we're trying to be quiet and send the video.""Leiva sent videos to his worried girlfriend, who got word of the shooting.""She's asking me, 'Are all those people dead next to you?'"" Leiva said. ""There was one cup in the bathroom and we rinsed the cup, trying to give everybody a little bit of water.""Leiva suffered two gunshot wounds in the Orlando nightclub massacre and got out of the bathroom when an officer dragged him out and the SWAT team moved in.""We were just waving our hands so they can see that we're alive, but we were still trying to be quiet,"" Leiva said. ""So, finally, they start pulling people out, and it was so bad, like, we had to step over bodies.""Leiva said he can't stop thinking about the people who didn't make it out alive.""Half of those people were in the bathroom with me,"" he said.AGoFundMe accounthas been established to help pay for Leiva's medical expenses.Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526."
476,249,576774,"June 11, 2016",North Carolina,Charlotte,4000 block of Collegiate Avenue,1,3,http://www.wbtv.com/story/37847838/pair-now-dead-identified-as-suspects-in-2016-university-city-area-killing,"CHARLOTTE, NC (WBTV) - Two suspects, who are now dead, are accused in the 2016 killing of 20-year-old Adrian Potts in the University City area.Ferguson Laurent, 24 and Anthony Eugene Gill, 23, are accused in Potts death the night of June 11, 2016, at the 901 Place Apartments. Charlotte-Mecklenburg police made the announcement Friday.Police say Laurent was killed in Salisbury on Nov. 3, 2016, in an officer-involved shooting, and Gill was killed in Salisbury on July 29, 2017.The Salisbury Police Department released a statement Friday about the new information about Laurent.The shooting that killed Potts happened after a large crowd gathered inside one of the apartments. An altercation led to the shooting.Information and evidence developed during the investigation recently led to detectives confirming to Laurent and Gill as the suspects in the case, police say.Police say no one else is being sought in the case.Anyone with additional information is asked to call homicide detectives at 704-432-TIPS or Crime Stoppers at 704-334-1600.Copyright 2018 WBTV. All rights reserved.1 Julian Price Pl.Charlotte, NC 28208(704) 374-3500A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
477,250,577938,"June 11, 2016",California,Stockton,Alvarado Avenue,1,3,http://www.recordnet.com/article/20160611/NEWS/160619932,"STOCKTON — One person was killed, at least three others were wounded and countless lives were endangered when gunfire erupted Saturday night at Oak Park in central Stockton.The shooting occurred about 8:15 p.m. on the north side of the park just west of Alvarado Avenue. Witnesses said 60 to 80 shots were fired when two groups of people exchanged gunfire.When the shooting stopped, one man lay dead between two vehicles parked next to the Oak Park Ice Arena. A friend of the victim’s family said he was a 30-year-old Cambodian man who was attending one of several parties that were being held at the park.A second male victim was taken away by ambulance. There was no immediate word on his condition.There were unconfirmed reports that a number of other gunshot victims were located in a sport utility vehicle that was stopped by police as it fled the scene.Witnesses said the shooting started with two short bursts of gunfire followed by a rapid and sustained exchange of gunfire. Some of the shooters continued to fire as they fled south through the park on foot.Randy Sadberry, 60, said he saw one of the gunmen fire eight to 12 rounds into a white vehicle from a distance of three to four feet. One of the groups then fled toward the bathrooms at the center of the park.“There were several parties out here, like baby’s birthday parties,” Sadberry said. “It was extremely dangerous. Everybody was getting down on the ground. This is insane.”David Aceves and about 30 other friends and family members were holding a party on the north side of the park to celebrate his nephew’s baptism.“It sounded like nonstop shooting for at least three minutes,” he said, estimating that there were more than 100 people in the park at the time. “I’m on that side of the park and I’m hearing shots ricochet off the walls. I could hear bullets zooming by.”As darkness set in, police were finding shell casings throughout the park. At one point, two officers drew their weapons and entered the bathrooms in search of suspects.Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous.Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.”— Contact reporter Jason Anderson at (209) 546-8279 or janderson@recordnet.com. Follow him at recordnet.com/crimeblog and on Twitter @Stockton911.STOCKTON — One person was killed, at least three others were wounded and countless lives were endangered when gunfire erupted Saturday night at Oak Park in central Stockton.The shooting occurred about 8:15 p.m. on the north side of the park just west of Alvarado Avenue. Witnesses said 60 to 80 shots were fired when two groups of people exchanged gunfire.When the shooting stopped, one man lay dead between two vehicles parked next to the Oak Park Ice Arena. A friend of the victim’s family said he was a 30-year-old Cambodian man who was attending one of several parties that were being held at the park.A second male victim was taken away by ambulance. There was no immediate word on his condition.There were unconfirmed reports that a number of other gunshot victims were located in a sport utility vehicle that was stopped by police as it fled the scene.Witnesses said the shooting started with two short bursts of gunfire followed by a rapid and sustained exchange of gunfire. Some of the shooters continued to fire as they fled south through the park on foot.Randy Sadberry, 60, said he saw one of the gunmen fire eight to 12 rounds into a white vehicle from a distance of three to four feet. One of the groups then fled toward the bathrooms at the center of the park.“There were several parties out here, like baby’s birthday parties,” Sadberry said. “It was extremely dangerous. Everybody was getting down on the ground. This is insane.”David Aceves and about 30 other friends and family members were holding a party on the north side of the park to celebrate his nephew’s baptism.“It sounded like nonstop shooting for at least three minutes,” he said, estimating that there were more than 100 people in the park at the time. “I’m on that side of the park and I’m hearing shots ricochet off the walls. I could hear bullets zooming by.”As darkness set in, police were finding shell casings throughout the park. At one point, two officers drew their weapons and entered the bathrooms in search of suspects.Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous.Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.”— Contact reporter Jason Anderson at (209) 546-8279 or janderson@recordnet.com. Follow him at recordnet.com/crimeblog and on Twitter @Stockton911.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.recordnet.com  ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
478,251,577073,"June 11, 2016",California,Panorama City,8500 block of Cedros Avenue,3,2,http://abc7.com/news/3-killed-2-hurt-in-possible-murder-suicide-in-panorama-city/1381841/,"WATCHLIVE3 killed, 2 injured in Panorama City murder-suicide"
479,252,575607,"June 9, 2016",Florida,Fort Walton Beach,Landview Drive,0,4,http://www.mypanhandle.com/news/three-arrested-for-attempted-murder-in-okaloosa-county,"mypanhandle.comThree people are arrested following a shooting in Okaloosa County.Mikeal Lamar Hohnson-Carter, 15, or Shalimar was arrested in DeKalb County, Georgia on June 9th. Details on his capture have not been released yet.Sean Lee Coy, 21, of Fort Walton Beach and Maleak Bradshaw, 17, were arrested by the OCSO on June 22nd.The three were wanted for attempted homicide in connection with a shooting that injured four people at a townhome complex on Landview Drive June 9th.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above.OKALOOSA COUNTY, Fla. (WMBB) — The Okaloosa County Sheriff’s Office is searching for a suspect in the shooting death of a Fort Walton Beach teenager.The teen, 15-year-old Quolee Jackson, was shot and killed Monday night near his home on Earl Street at about 11:30 p.m. Callers reported hearing multiple shots."
480,253,574850,"June 8, 2016",District of Columbia,Washington,1300 North Capitol St NW,0,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/second-suspect-arrested-in-shooting-that-injured-four-last-year/2017/02/12/78e2996a-f199-11e6-b9c9-e83fce42fb61_story.html?utm_term=.59996ccb9de5,"A second suspect has been arrested in a daylight shooting last year at a busy District intersection that left four people wounded and prompted a public outcry.The shooting occurred about 4:30 p.m. June 8 at New York Avenue and North Capitol Street NW. It was in front of Big Ben Liquors on a corner that is passed daily by thousands of commuters.A police official described the corner last year as an open-air drug market.Of the four people hit, police said three were bystanders.Police said Sunday that Alan Maybin, 33, of Northwest Washington, was arrested on a warrant Friday by members of the Capital Area Regional Task Force. He was charged with assault with intent to kill, police said.Another suspect was arrested a week after the shooting, police said. They said he also was charged with assault with intent to kill, but police said he was suspected of helping the gunman, not of firing shots.Police have said the man whom the gunman was aiming at was struck several times. A week after the shooting, he remained in a hospital.The three bystanders suffered what were described as minor wounds to their arms and legs. They were released from hospitals within a few days of the shooting.City officials focused attention on the incident. Among those expressing concern were residents of the nearby Truxton Circle neighborhood. It is a place of rising property values, but one where both dilapidated and renovated structures exist.Both then-D.C. Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier and Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) announced the first arrest.Lanier called the shooting brazen, and Bowser asked the public to help find “the person we believe is responsible for actually firing the gun.”In an arrest warrant for the first suspect, police said private surveillance cameras showed a man parking in an alley near the corner where the shooting occurred.The surveillance footage showed another man getting out of the car and taking a gun from his waistband.After the shooting, police said, the man was shown returning to the car, which left the area swiftly.It was not clear how the police identified and found the man suspected of firing.Peter Hermann contributed to this report.Peter Hermann contributed to this report."
481,254,574753,"June 8, 2016",Massachusetts,Boston,66 Washington St,1,3,https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2018/06/29/may-brother-rest-peace-man-confronts-gang-members-convicted-killing-his-sibling/pCtcGypCI0RLV26bbPYInO/story.html?camp=bg:brief:rss:feedly&rss_id=feedly_rss_brief,"Keeta Peete took the witness stand Friday in Suffolk Superior Court and faced the gang member who was convicted the day before of fatally shooting Peete’s 17-year-old brother outside the teen’s Dorchester high school.“You probably don’t remember me,” Peete told the defendant, Jaden Waiters, 21, before Waiters was sentenced to life in prison for the June 2016 slaying of Peete’s younger sibling, Raekwon Brown. “I used to buy you and ’Kwon ice cream out of the same ice cream truck.  . . . I still hold nothing against you.”Peete spoke during an emotional sentencing hearing for Waiters and two codefendants, Jonathan Aguasvivas, 25, and Benzy Bain, 26.AdvertisementOn Thursday, jurorsconvictedWaiters of first-degree murder and found Aguasvivas guilty of second-degree murder in Brown’s slaying. Bain was acquitted of murder but convicted of several lesser weapons charges. Waiters and Aguasvivas were also convicted on the weapons counts.Judge Jeffrey Locke on Friday sentenced Waiters to life in prison without the possibility of parole, the mandatory penalty for first-degree murder. He sentenced Aguasvivas to a life term with parole eligibility after 20 years. Bain received a 15-to-20-year prison sentence.Peete repeatedly said he held “nothing against” the defendants, whom prosecutors described as members of the H-Block gang targeting a rival when Waiters fired nine shots into a crowd of teens outside the Jeremiah E. Burke High School on the afternoon of June 8, 2016. Brown wasn’t the rival in question but was merely standing among students who had just exited the school after a fire alarm went off, prosecutors said.“I understand the way the streets move and the consequences,” Peete told the defendants. “Personally, I hold nothing against you.”Reading from a poem he wrote for his slain brother, Peete recalled Brown as a “high-spirited person” and “gentle teddy bear” who loved Arizona drinks, video games, chicken tenders, and “writing raps and creating music videos.”Advertisement“His smile is embedded in my mind,” Peete said, remembering Brown’s “positive, energetic, relaxing vibe.” When people ask where Brown’s final resting place is, Peete added, “Heaven is the only response that we should give.  . . . May my brother rest in peace.”Locke said from the bench that Peete’s words were “very powerful” after he concluded his statement.Prosecutors read a statement from Brown’s parents, Wanda and Damien Graddy.“This has been one big pill to swallow, and sometimes we don’t know how we will make it,” the grieving parents wrote. “We miss him so much.”They said their son enjoyed a variety of activities including fishing, basketball, cooking, and shopping. The Graddys also thanked law enforcement, Locke, and the jury for delivering “justice for our son.  . . . We love you, Raekwon.”Of the three defendants, only Bain chose to address the court before Locke handed down the sentences. Bain, a married father of two who previously served a 3 ½-year term for his second illegal gun possession offense, faced Brown’s family and said, “I’m sincerely sorry for your loss, and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.”As Bain spoke, a male relative of Brown’s walked out in disgust, with a court officer shielding him from the defense table.“I’m not a bad person,” Bain continued, insisting he has a “good heart. . . . I hope that you can see that in me.” He said he was praying “for Mrs. Brown’s forgiveness” and concluded his remarks by telling the family, “I hope Raekwon can finally rest in peace.”AdvertisementAt trial, prosecutors said the defendants were traveling in a van driven by Aguasvivas on the day of the murder when they spotted a teen who they thought was affiliated with a rival gang outside the school.Waiters got out of the van and fired nine shots into the crowd, killing Brown and wounding two other teenagers, an attack committed at the behest of his older accomplices, prosecutors said.Though Aguasvivas currently has a chance at being released in two decades, that could change if he’s convicted in a second murder case that remains pending.He’s charged with first-degree murder in the February 2016 homicide of 22-year-old Marquis Waithe in Roxbury. He also faces separate gun charges related to the discovery of firearms at his home during the Brown investigation.When the defendants were led out of the courtroom Friday, one of Aguasvivas’s relatives said “We love you, Jonathan,” and a family member of Waiters shouted, “We love you, Jaden. God bless you. Stay strong. Keep your faith.”During the hearing, James Greenberg, a lawyer for Bain, told Locke the defendants “now have also lost their lives.”The judge corrected him.“They have lost their liberty,” Locke said. “There’s a big distinction between [that and] the loss of Raekwon Brown.”Travis Andersen can be reached attravis.andersen@globe.com.Digital AccessHome DeliveryGift SubscriptionsLog InManage My AccountCustomer ServiceHelp & FAQsGlobe NewsroomAdvertiseNewslettersView the ePaperOrder Back IssuesNews in EducationSearch the ArchivesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of PurchaseWork at Boston Globe Media"
482,257,575061,"June 5, 2016",Minnesota,Minneapolis,8th and Humboldt Avenue N.,0,4,http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2016/06/05/four-shot-north-minneapolis/,"MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)— Authorities are looking for suspects after as many as four people were shot Sunday night in north Minneapolis.The Minneapolis Police Department was called at about 9:20 p.m. to the area 8th Ave. N. and Humboldt Avenue N. on a report of a fight. While responding to the call, the incident had elevated to a report of shots fired.When officers arrived, one woman had been shot and was injured. She was taken by ambulance to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries.Authorities say three other adults had also been shot and were self-transported to hospitals, all with non-life threatening injuries. Police say no arrests have been made in connection with the incident, which is under investigation."
483,259,572513,"June 5, 2016",New York,Brooklyn,Mermaid Ave and 16th St.,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/shot-coney-island-street-corner-ten-hours-article-1.2662262,"Four people were wounded during a wild shootout in Brooklyn Sunday afternoon — just hours after another man was struck by a stray bullet around the corner, police said.The four victims were shot when gunfire broke out on Mermaid Ave. and W. 15th St. in Coney Island at about 2:20 p.m., authorities said.Witnesses said it appeared the suspects pulled up in a car, got out and opened fire.""It was mayhem,"" said the 25-year-old man who watched the incident from his third-floor apartment window.""They were young guys, in their 20s. One of the guys was running from Mermaid to Neptune (Ave.) yelling, 'I got hit! I got hit!' He lifted his shirt and was bleeding from the stomach,"" said the witness, who declined to give his name for fear of future reprisals.That witness' mother said the crack of gunshots began after a vehicle pulled up to the corner.""There was a car, then suddenly shots out of nowhere,"" said the 60-year-old woman who also declined to give her name.""My brain is in shock,"" she said.She added that a group of children had been playing in the area just minutes before the attack.Batik Mahmood, 26, was delivering pizza when he saw about six men feuding on the corner outside S&M Mini Market. When the shooting began, Mahmood said half the group sought cover behind a Grey Nissan SUV and traded volleys.""They were just shooting at each other... Two group of guys, shooting at each other,"" Mahmood said.""Some of the guys were behind the car. Others went into the deli. Others ran toward Neptune. It was crazy,"" he said. ""Never seen nothing like it.""Emergency responders rushed two people to Lutheran Medical Center while the other two victims walked into Coney Island Hospital, police said. All four — two 21-year-olds, a 26- and 31-year-old — were listed in stable condition.Police later discovered a silver and black handgun dumped under an Infiniti parked nearby on W. 16th St.Two men were taken into custody for questioning at the scene, according to NYPD Deputy Inspector William Taylor. There had been no arrests, Taylor added.Earlier Sunday, a 38-year-old innocent bystander was shot in his back just down the street on Neptune Ave. and W. 16th St. around 4:35 a.m., police said.The 60-year-old witness said she heard the crack of that gunshot as well.""I heard another shooting at around 4:30 a.m. I can't believe we had two shootings in the same day,"" she said.Investigators said a dispute between a man and woman sparked the morning incident.Sandra De Jesus, 65, who lives nearby, said she was woken up when the innocent man began banging on her door for help.""The guy knocked on my door, the guy that was shot. He knocked on my door here and I figured, 'Who the hell is knocking at my door at this time?'"" she said.""I didn't open the door. Hell no. I looked out into the shade and he was gone.""About 10 hours later, she was shaken again when the second round of gunshots erupted.""I said, get out of here. Run. I ran into the living room. We just closed all the windows.""The recovered handgun was left just few feet from her home.It was not clear what spurred the latest gun violence or if the two incidents were connected."
484,261,569225,"May 31, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,3300 block of West Huron Street,0,4,http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-shootings-memorial-day-20160530-story.html,"Just after midnight, in one of the last shootings of the Memorial Day weekend, two people pulled out guns and started firing in East Garfield Park.The first call to police early Tuesday was for one person shot on Homan Avenue. Then a second victim. Then a third. Then someone walked into a hospital a few minutes later.In all, 27 of the 69 people hit by gunfire over the weekend were shot in or near the Harrison District, one of the city's most violent and one of the most heavily patrolled by police.So many people were shot there that Deputy Superintendent John Escalante promised Sunday to beef up patrols.  Nine more people were shot there by early Tuesday.The rest of the weekend shootings were scattered across Chicago.  They happened as far north as West Rogers Park and northwest as Jefferson Park and as far south as the West Pullman neighborhood.  The violence centered on the West Side, though. Seven of the shooting incidents on the West Side had more than one victim.While the number of shootings was up from last year, the number of deaths was down. Last year, 12 people were killed and 44 wounded over the holiday weekend. This weekend, 13 more people were shot, but six fewer people were killed.There were no shooting deaths for more than 48 hours starting late Saturday afternoon through late Monday.The breakdown from the weekend is: Three people killed and 12 people wounded Friday afternoon through early Saturday; one person killed and 24 people wounded Saturday evening through early Sunday; 13 people wounded Sunday afternoon through early Monday; and 16 people shot Monday into early Tuesday, two of them fatally.The holiday weekend was police Superintendent Eddie Johnson's first since Mayor Rahm Emanuel picked the veteran cop to lead the embattled department in late March. The department sought volunteers to work overtime over the weekend, although police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi did not release figures on how many officers worked.  Instead of hiring more cops during a city budget crunch, Emanuel instead has relied heavily on overtime to try to tamp down violence.The weekend shooting scenes played out from a gas station in Dunning on the Northwest Side to a narrow tree-lined street in the South Side's West Pullman neighborhood. Residents and passersby at times grabbed towels and ice packs to aid the wounded. Others tried to figure out if the victims were friends or loved ones.Left mourning were family members, including those of Veronica Lopez. The 15-year-old was the youngest of the homicide victims, shot as she rode with two older men police identified as known gang members along Lake Shore Drive near Fullerton Avenue about 1:30 a.m. Saturday. One of the men also was hit but survived.That afternoon, her mother, Diana Mercado, wept outside her family's home above a storefront in the Belmont Craigan neighborhood. She said she had begun planning to move with Veronica to Florida in a year because of the city's violence.""Now they took my baby,"" she said.Later that day, in the Lawndale neighborhood, the mother of another teen, Shequita Evans, walked up to a scene of a woman who was shot in the neck while driving down Lexington Avenue near Pulaski Road. Evans lamented that she had to get through ""one more summer"" until her 17-year-old could graduate high school and attend college outside the city.At another scene in the Back of the Yards, a woman had to explain to a small boy how the loud pops they had heard weren't fireworks from the White Sox game. The boy smoothed the cape of a Superman doll as he asked officers if they had gotten the bad guys.In addition to Veronica, the homicides included:• Mark Lindsey, 25, shot while sitting in a parked car in front of his mother's house in the 3700 block of West 75th Place in the Ashburn neighborhood around 11:20 p.m. Friday.• Garvin Whitmore, 27, shot in the head about 5:20 p.m. Saturday in the South Side's Fuller Park neighborhood. He was sitting in a car with his fiancee, Ashley Harrison, 26, who picked up a gun and fired warning shots in the air. She was charged with a felony.• Damien Cionzynski, 25, was shot by one of two men with whom he was arguing inside a BP gas station at Narragansett and Montrose avenues around 5:15 a.m. Saturday. Police have issued arrest warrants for two men.• James Taylor, 44, was shot in the 5100 block of South Calumet Avenue.  Taylor, of the 6500 block of South Ellis Avenue, was pronounced dead at 11:20 p.m. Monday at the scene, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. He died from multiple gunshot wounds, the office determined following an autopsy Tuesday. Police were called to the scene and found Taylor unresponsive on the street, near a vehicle, said Officer Thomas Sweeney, a police spokesman.• Johan Jean, 39, was shot in the 6400 block of North Rockwell Street. Jean, of the 100 block of Ashland Avenue in Evanston, was pronounced dead at 11:44 p.m. at St. Francis Hospital, according to the medical examiner's office. He died from a gunshot wound to the neck, the office determined following an autopsy Tuesday. Jean was discovered unresponsive in a gangway, and police said he may have died in a domestic incident.The tally doesn't count a woman run over on Lake Shore Drive early Sunday. Her boyfriend, who also was hit in traffic, told police they were fleeing a group of armed robbers, and detectives have located evidence of a group of men in the area.By Tuesday morning, the tally of those shot in Chicago this year was around 1,500, according to data compiled by the Tribune, with at least 250 killed. By this time last year, 957 had been shot, with 164 killed.So far, shootings are up more than 50 percent this year, although the pace of increased violence had slowed from earlier this year, when Chicago was on track to see shooting victims nearly double.Chicago police have said the violence has been fueled by gang conflicts and a proliferation of guns, mixed with weak gun law enforcement. The department has blamed most of the violence on a core group of about 1,300 people whom they have used data analytics to pinpoint. The department has called them ""strategic subjects.""It can be tougher to pinpoint exactly when that violence can explode, with spikes that can spring up on any warm weekend. Over Mother's Day weekend, more than 50 people were shot, eight fatally, in the most violent weekend in Chicago since September.The 60 homicides this month have outpaced those in each of the previous three years in Chicago, according to Tribune data. By May 30, 2015, there had been 45 homicides, with 41 by the same date in 2014 and 47 in 2013.Following are the other shootings from the last 15 hours of the holiday weekend:• A 30-year-old man was injured about 1:45 a.m. Tuesday in the 10200 block of South LaSalle Street in the Fernwood neighborhood. He was taken in in stable condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, police said. He had been shot in the shoulder.• A 17-year-old girl and 21-year-old man standing in the 2600 block of East 73rd Street were shot about 12:50 a.m. Paramedics brought the girl to Northwestern Memorial Hospital with a back wound, and the man walked in for treatment. The girl's condition was stabilized, and the man is in good condition.• Four people were shot when two people opened fire on a group in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side. It happened about 12:20 a.m. in the 3300 block of West Huron Street, a block east of Homan Avenue. A 53-year-old was taken to Norwegian American Hospital with a foot wound, and police believe he was not the intended target. An 18-year-old woman, a 19-year-old woman and a 30-year-old man were treated at Mount Sinai Hospital for leg wounds. The 30-year-old has a history of drug-related arrests and is a documented gang member, police said.• A 24-year-old man was shot in the right arm and left leg about 9:30 p.m. Monday in the Grand Crossing neighborhood, police said. The attack happened in the 1500 block of East 73rd Street. The man was wounded in a drive-by and taken to Stroger Hospital, where his condition was stabilized.• A 17-year-old boy was shot in the 3600 block of West 30th Street in the Little Village neighborhood about 5:25 p.m., police said. The boy was shot in the hand by a known male attacker who fired from across the street, police said. The boy was taken to St. Anthony Hospital in good condition.• Someone shot a 16-year-old boy in the 8700 block of South Escanaba Avenue in the South Chicago neighborhood. He was wounded about 4:55 p.m. and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where his condition was stabilized. He was outside when someone emerged from a gangway and shot him in the leg.• About 3:55 p.m., a 15-year-old boy was shot in the city's Englewood neighborhood on the South Side. That shooting happened in the 6700 block of South Sangamon Street, said Officer Kevin Quaid, a police spokesman. The boy was outside when he heard shots and felt pain, according to preliminary information. He was taken with a gunshot wound to the back to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where his condition was stabilized, Quaid said.• Someone shot two men about 10:45 a.m. in the 3800 block of West Gladys Avenue, said Officer Bari Lemmon, a police spokeswoman. According to preliminary reports, someone in a black Nissan fired at two men, ages 28 and 21. The older man suffered a wound to his lower back and was taken in serious condition to Stroger Hospital. The younger man was shot in the left elbow and was taken to Mount Sinai, where his condition was stabilized, Lemmon said.• Someone shot a 17-year-old boy about 10:35 a.m. in the 4800 block of West Monroe Street. Reports indicated the boy was outside when a black SUV drove by and someone fired shots, striking him twice in the hip, Lemmon said. The boy was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was listed in fair condition.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFOCopyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune"
485,263,568528,"May 30, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,500 block of East 43rd Street,0,5,http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/bs-md-ci-memorial-shooting-20160531-story.html,"Police on Tuesday identified a man arrested Monday night when he returned with a gun to the scene of a five-person shooting at a Memorial Day cookout in North Baltimore.Taiquan Moss, 20, was one of five victims of the Monday afternoon shooting in Wilson Park. He was spotted on the block of the shooting by police around 7:45 p.m. with a gun. Police were in the area to gain information on the shooting when they picked up Moss, and charged him with various handgun violations.The shooting occurred in front of a two-story rowhouse on the 500 block of 43rd St. where a car approached the house and opened fire, police said. Five people, including Moss, were shot, and police have yet to announce a suspect or suspects for the shooting.Moss and a 25-year-old were both shot in the arm, a 59-year-old man was shot in the buttocks and his 60-year-old wife was shot in the face, police said. None of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening, according to police.The street of the shooting borders two neighborhoods, Wilson Park and Pen Lucy. It was the first shooting this year in Wilson Park. There have been three in Pen Lucy, according to police data through May 21. One of the shootings was a homicide.Moss, of the 800 block of Cator Avenue in Pen Lucy, was carrying a loaded .38 caliber revolver in his waistband, according to a police report. He will face a court commissioner for the gun charges, police said.adunn@baltsun.comtwitter.com/AndrewE_DunnRecommended"
486,265,567788,"May 29, 2016",Nevada,Las Vegas,200 block of N 3rd St,0,4,https://www.reviewjournal.com/crime/courts/pair-convicted-in-downtown-las-vegas-shooting-that-injured-4/,"Two men were convicted of multiple charges this week in connection with a shooting that injured four people last year in downtown Las Vegas.Two men were convicted of multiple charges this week in connection with a shootingthat injured four people last year in downtown Las Vegas.Steven Demond Burks, 21, was found guilty Thursday of five counts of attempted murder, four counts of battery with a deadly weapon, one count of assault with a deadly weapon and six counts of discharging a firearm from a vehicle.Pierre Terrell Devlin, 33, was found guilty of four counts of battery with a deadly weapon, one count of assault with a deadly weapon and six counts of discharging a firearm from a vehicle.Officers found four people — two men and two women — suffering from gunshot wounds on the morning of May 29 in the 200 block of Third Street, police said. Prosecutors said one man was shot at but was not hit by a bullet. All of the victims survived.Police said at the time that as the group walked past Devlin and Burks, the two groups exchanged words. Devlin fired a shot near the crowd, which was captured on surveillance video. Later, Devlin and Burks entered a white Lexus sedan with dark tint and a sunroof parked nearby with a handgun.Burks then fired at the victims, striking them, police said.After a weeklong trial, jurors deliberated for more than three days on the 16 counts each against Burks and Devlin. The jury could not reach a decision on five counts of attempted murder for Devlin, and prosecutors said they had not decided whether he would be retried on those charges.Liz Mercer said she and fellow prosecutor Tierra Jones were “pleased and grateful for the jurors’ thorough deliberations.”Defense attorney Bret Whipple, who represents Devlin, said he was “happy that the jurors would take so long to deliberate and see the evidence from both sides.”Ben Nadig, who represents Burks, said the jury took the “appropriate time to consider the outcome.”Both men are scheduled to be sentenced next month.Contact David Ferrara at dferrara@reviewjournal.com or 702-380-1039. Follow@randompokeron Twitter.Marcel and Patricia Chappuis originally faced 45 counts each of child abuse or neglect — a felony punishable by up to 20 years in prison.Zane Floyd, now 45, received a death sentence for fatally shooting four people and gravely wounding another inside a Las Vegas supermarket in 1999.Lawyers representing death row inmate Zane Floyd, who is facing imminent lethal injection, want the Clark County district attorney’s office removed from his case.An Arizona man was sentenced Thursday in Las Vegas for intending to fraudulently obtain nearly $239,000 in unemployment benefits.District Court officials are warning the community against jury duty scams. The latest involves demands for cash to clear outstanding arrest warrants.A Rhode Island man is accused of defrauding more than $4.2 million from investors in connection with the “Magic Mike Live” show in Las Vegas.Prosecutors formally requested an execution warrant on Wednesday for Zane Floyd, who killed four people inside a Las Vegas Albertsons nearly 22 years ago.A 43-year-old man was sentenced to prison Tuesday for shooting at Las Vegas police officers.Joshua Nichols, 38, was booked on a warrant Monday at the Clark County Detention Center.A man charged in what Las Vegas police called a “prostitution-related” killing was ordered held without bail Tuesday.Copyright ©2019Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc.|Privacy Policy|Terms of ServicePowered byWordPress.com VIPsublog"
487,266,567673,"May 29, 2016",New Jersey,Trenton,600 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard,0,6,http://www.trentonian.com/general-news/20160529/bloody-sunday-8-injured-in-two-trenton-shootings,"@penny_ray on TwitterFile photo - Police investigate a shooting in Trenton (Gregg Slaboda - Trentonian)TRENTON >> City police are investigating two shootings that happened within an hour of each other Sunday morning and left a total of eight people suffering from gunshot wounds.The first shooting happened around 12:30 a.m. in the 600 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. When police arrived on-scene, they learned that six victims had been taken to the hospital in personal vehicles.Witnesses told police they were attending a cookout in the area when they suddenly heard multiple gunshots. A 29-year-old male was shot in his right leg; another 29-year-old male was shot in the right leg and buttocks; a 26-year-old male suffered gunshot wounds to his right and left thighs; a 40-year-old male was shot in the right leg; a 28-year-old male suffered a gunshot wound to his right hand; and a 28-year-old man was shot in his abdomen and left leg.The male who was shot in the abdomen underwent emergency surgery, and all victims are expected to survive, according to police.The second shooting happened in the 200 block of Spring Street around 1:11 a.m. Sunday. When police arrived at the scene, they found a 23-year-old female victim suffering from a gunshot wound to her right leg. A 31-year-old male victim who suffered a gunshot wound to the middle toe on his left foot was taken to the hospital by private vehicle.The victims told police they were on Spring Street when a vehicle drove by and someone inside of it fired several shots. Both victims are expected to survive their injuries.Anyone with information about the shootings is asked to call police at 609-989-4155, or contact the Trenton Police confidential tip line at (609) 989-3663. Individuals may also call the Trenton Crime Stoppers tip line at (609) 278-8477. Those wishing to text a tip can send a message labeled TCSTIPS to Trenton Crime Stoppers at 274637.@penny_ray on TwitterPenny Ray is an award-winning journalist with more than 17 years experience in print, digital and broadcast media. Prior to working in New Jersey, he served as editor of Homicide Watch D.C."
488,267,567494,"May 29, 2016",Indiana,Indianapolis,300 block of South Meridian Street,0,4,http://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2016/05/29/quadruple-shooting-downtown-leaves-4-hospitalized/85123608/?utm_source=feedblitz&utm_medium=FeedBlitzRss&utm_campaign=FeedBlitzRss&utm_content=Quadruple+shooting+downtown+leaves+4+hospitalized,"Three men were arrested in connection with a shooting early Sunday at a Downtown parking garage that hospitalized four people, police said.Around 3 a.m. police working in the area around South Meridian and Georgia streets heard gunshots coming from a parking garage in the 300 block of South Meridian Street.Police found two people in the garage that had been shot: Shaquille Ford, 22, and Demetrius Ford, 21. Two more people were found shot in a nearly alley, identified by police as Marc Spivey, 29, and Breon Sims, 23.All four people were taken to the hospital, police said. Their conditions were not immediately available.Police stopped a vehicle believed to be used by the shooting suspects and took six people into custody. Police said they recovered guns and ammunition from the truck. Three were identified as suspects and face preliminary charges of attempted murder: Delon Owens, 21; Dametrous Brooks, 23; and Rico Brown, 25, all of Indianapolis.The other three people who were inside the vehicle were released, police said.Call IndyStar reporter Justin L. Mack at (317) 444-6138. Follow him on Twitter:@justinlmack."
489,268,567614,"May 29, 2016",Texas,Houston,13210 Memorial Dr,2,6,https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2016/05/31/police-212-rounds-fired-houston/85220390/,"HOUSTON — Houston Police released new details about Sunday's mass shooting in west Houstonduring a press conference Tuesday.According to investigators, the suspect, Army veteran Dionisio Garza III, fired 212 rounds during the rampage that left two dead and six wounded in a neighborhood off Memorial Drive.Police say that Garza came to Texas from California and arrived on Saturday to see some friends. They believe that the shooting location was random.Friends said Garza served in the Army in Afghanistan and had suffered PTSD.Police said they believe Garza broke in to Memorial Drive Tire & Auto and stayed there the day before the shooting. Police said he intentionally turned off his phone and ""went off the grid"" at 4 p.m. Saturday.Houston shooter was Army vet, police sayPolice said Garza came out of the tire shop and confronted customer Eugene Linsomb and shot him. Linscomb died at the scene. The suspect then retrieved an AR-15 and shot at passing cars and police vehicles. He struck a line to a gas station, which then caught fire, police said.""We believe his military training and his location, he felt safe there,"" said Lt. John McGalin. ""Had access to three corners. Didn't have to worry about anyone coming up behind him. There just seems to be no rhyme or reason to why he picked that location.""John Wilson, who was initially believed to be a second shooter, was a resident in the area and came out to offer assistance. He was outgunned by the suspect and was shot in the leg. He is expected to survive.Eight people were shot, including the gunman. An HPD sniper fired four rounds, including the shot that killed Garza.""At the scene, we found some random writings on the walls (Garza) wrote on paper, nothing of consequence, doesn't appear to be terrorism, just appears to be someone who was in mental health crisis at this time,"" said McGalin.Garza's stepmother, Cathy Garza, spoke to KHOU-TV by phone. She said the family is devastated by what happened.""They're taught to be tough and to not be weak,"" said Garza. ""From the outside, it seemed like he was doing OK, but I think on the inside, he was just slowly crumbling, and it got to the point where he just wasn't making sense. He was kind. He had friends. He got along well with others. He was a great kid. Our hearts just go out to the families. We feel for them. It's not, it just wasn't him that day. He was not that person.""HPD Interim Chief Martha Montalvo thanked residents who opened their doors to strangers fleeing the shooting and said that the death toll could have been higher. Residents saw the shooter from their homes and alerted police.HPD urged the public to remain vigilant for former military members that may need help when they return home.Follow KHOU on Twitter: @KHOU"
490,269,564470,"May 23, 2016",New Jersey,Newark,102 Isabella Avenue,0,5,http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/NJ-5-Shot-2-Critically-Injured-in-Newark-Shooting-Home--380591021.html,"Five people were shot at a home in Newark, and two of them have life-threatening injuries, according to police.Shots rang out at the Isabella Avenue home at 7:30 p.m. on Monday.Five people were hit by bullets, police said. Three of them were found inside the home and two of them walked into University Hospital, which is about two miles to the east of the home.Two of the people shot were in critical condition Monday night. The other three people have non-life-threatening injuries.Police said that detectives found four guns and a large amount of marijuana inside the house.An investigation was still underway well after sunset on Monday, with numerous police seen up and down Isabella Avenue.No arrests have been reported."
491,270,563829,"May 22, 2016",Louisiana,New Orleans,8639 Apple St,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/05/4_people_shot_in_hollygrove_ne.html,"Four people were shot in Hollygrove at Apple and Monroe streets on Sunday night (May 22),New Orleans policesaid about 10 p.m.Around 9:49 p.m., a white vehicle drove up to that intersection and opened fire on several victims who were outside of a lounge at the location, NOPD spokesman Juan Barnes said. Four people -- a 48-year-old woman and three men ages 26, 33 and unknown -- were struck by the gunfire. One man received multiple gun shot wounds, and Barnes said two other men were each shot once. The NOPD said one woman was shot in the leg.Evelynn Cain said she was inside the bar, the E&C VIP Lounge, when somebody drove by and fired what sounded like 20 shots. Her boyfriend was among those injured and rushed to the hospital, she said.""A random person rolled up and started shooting,"" she said, ""Who they were shooting for, I don't know.""As of about 10:30 p.m., people were gathered waiting to retrieve their cars that were blocked in within the crime scene.Residents living next door to the bar said they multiple shots as well. A female resident who asked not to be identified saw three of the victims after the shooting. She said the female victim was lying against a storm drain across the street from the bar after the shooting.She also said one of the male victims was slumped against the bar's wall beneath a sign labeled ""Home of the New Orleans Men Buckjumpers."" The third victim was found in the grass across from the bar, she said.""Everyone was having a good time,"" Cain said, as she watched police at the scene.Check back withNOLA.com| The Times-Picayune for more details.This story was updated Monday morning to include victim ages.Anyone with information about this shooting is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111 or toll-free at 877.903.7867.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
492,271,563514,"May 22, 2016",California,Stockton,Poplar and Sutter Streets,1,3,http://www.recordnet.com/news/20160521/one-killed-3-others-shot-overnight,"STOCKTON – One person was killed and three others were wounded in a shooting during the overnight hours in central Stockton.Police were dispatched on a report of a person shot at 1:50 a.m. near East Poplar and North Sutter streets. They arrived to find a male victim lying on the sidewalk with at least one gunshot wound, officers said.Attempts to revive the victim were unsuccessful, authorities said. The San Joaquin County Coroner’s Office has not released his name. His death represents the 18th homicide Stockton police have investigated in 2016, up from nine at this time a year ago.A short time later, two men and a juvenile male arrived at a local hospital with gunshot wounds, police said. All three were listed in stable condition.Homicide detectives were called to the scene to take over the investigation. Police have not divulged a motive for the shooting and have not released any suspect information.Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous.Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.”Come back to recordnet.com and read Sunday’s Record for more on this story.STOCKTON – One person was killed and three others were wounded in a shooting during the overnight hours in central Stockton.Police were dispatched on a report of a person shot at 1:50 a.m. near East Poplar and North Sutter streets. They arrived to find a male victim lying on the sidewalk with at least one gunshot wound, officers said.Attempts to revive the victim were unsuccessful, authorities said. The San Joaquin County Coroner’s Office has not released his name. His death represents the 18th homicide Stockton police have investigated in 2016, up from nine at this time a year ago.A short time later, two men and a juvenile male arrived at a local hospital with gunshot wounds, police said. All three were listed in stable condition.Homicide detectives were called to the scene to take over the investigation. Police have not divulged a motive for the shooting and have not released any suspect information.Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous.Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.”Come back to recordnet.com and read Sunday’s Record for more on this story.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.recordnet.com  ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
493,272,563751,"May 22, 2016",Tennessee,Nashville,100 block of Rains Avenue,0,4,http://wkrn.com/2016/05/27/victim-of-drive-by-shooting-in-nashville-now-wanted-for-murder/,"WKRN News 2by:Sarah DensonNASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Metro police said a womanshot last Sunday nightin a drive-by shooting may have been specifically targeted in an act of retaliation.Dameisha Clark, 20, is wanted on charges of criminal homicide in the May 14 shooting death of 21-year-old Johnny Broadnax.Broadnax was found lying in the grass near an SUV that had crashed into the Hickory Manor Apartments on Hamilton Church Road in Antioch.He was transported to Vanderbilt University Medical Center where he died.MORE:Man dies after shooting, car crash in AntiochPolice say their investigation found Clark contacted Broadnax to arrange a drug deal and was behind the wheel of a stolen Dodge Charger from which shots were fired that night.Clark is thought to have been in the Charger with at least one other person, according to officials.A little over a week later,Clark was one of four injured in a drive-by shootingnear the Nashville Speedway in South Nashville-and now police believe she was targeted.Metro-Nashville police said she was in the front passenger seat of a Nissan Sentra when two people inside a small black sedan with custom wheels opened fire.Clark and the driver, Kayla Blakely, received non-critical wounds. Both were treated at the hospital and release.MORE:4 injured in drive-by shooting South NashvilleThe two rear seat passengers, Michael Myers Jr., 25, and Michael Shaw, 32, were more seriously hurt. Myers was released from the hospital last Monday. Shaw was released Thursday.Blakely, Myers and Shaw are not suspected of being involved in the Broadnax homicide.Anyone seeing Dameisha Clark or knowing her whereabouts is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at615-742-7463.Callers to Crime Stoppers can remain anonymous and qualify for a cash reward.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – A Florida woman is behind bars after deputies say she assaulted an Uber driver in an unprovoked attack Saturday.According to the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Office, 55-year-old Michele Stilwell began to choke the man while he was driving.NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – With a freeze watch in effect later this week for portions of Middle Tennessee and Southern Kentucky, taking steps to protect sensitive plants is essential.News 2 spoke with Mary Weber, the Director of Horticulture at Cheekwood, to learn more about keeping plants hearty and healthy as a late-season chill moves through. While some plants are hardy enough to survive a late-season freeze, Weber says that others are not.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prosecutors fought hard to add a third-degree murder charge against former police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, but a conviction on that charge alone could set up a problematic scenario for them.That’s because another fired Minneapolis officer found guilty of third-degree murder has a pending appeal before the state Supreme Court — and if his conviction is overturned, it could mean a Chauvin conviction would fall, too."
494,274,561912,"May 18, 2016",Indiana,Indianapolis,34th Street and North Keystone Avenue,0,4,http://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2016/05/18/3-people-shot-northside/82535200/?utm_source=feedblitz&utm_medium=FeedBlitzRss&utm_campaign=FeedBlitzRss&utm_content=3+people+shot+on+northside,"Four people were wounded late Wednesday night in a shooting near the intersection of 34th Street and North Keystone Avenue, police said.Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers were called to the intersection of 34th Street and North Keystone Avenue about 10:30 p.m. on a report of a person shot. At the scene, police found a man with a gunshot wound to the belly.Officers were then told there were two more victims, who had been shot in the leg, in the 3400 block of Hillside Avenue. All three victims were taken to Eskenazi Hospital and, as of early Thursday morning, listed in stable condition, police said.A fourth victim showed up at IU Methodist Hospital shortly after the shooting with a gunshot wound to the hand.One of the victims was found near a memorial for Jokoby Scott, who wasfatally shot Sunday afternoon. A suspect in that shooting was arrested after a high-speed chase.Call IndyStar reporter Michael Anthony Adams at (317) 444-6123. Follow him on Twitter:@michaeladams317."
495,277,559194,"May 15, 2016",Indiana,Evansville,420 North Garvin Street,0,4,http://www.14news.com/story/31976961/multiple-people-shot-outside-of-evansville-bar,"EVANSVILLE, IN (WFIE) - Four people were sent to the hospital with gunshot wounds early Sunday morning.At 2:39 a.m. this morning, multiple gunshots were reported at Mann's Bar in the 400 block of North Garvin Street.According to the police report, while officers were in rout to the location, reports of fighting and shots being fired into the crowd, were coming in.During the securing of the scene outside the bar, numerous empty shell casings were discovered according to police. It was around the same time that people began showing up at Deaconess Hospital with gunshot wounds, according to the report.Two of the people that were shot were taken into surgery immediately. The other two were receiving treatment in the ER.Police say the events leading up to, and the cause of the shooting have yet to be determined.There are no known suspects currently. The investigation is still on going at this time.Detectives are asking for witnesses and anyone with knowledge of this crime to please the Evansville Police Department at (812) 436-7979.14 News will continue to keep you updated with new information as it becomes available.Follow us online at14NEWS.comandon Twitter. Text NEWSAPP to 51414 orclick hereto download our 14 News mobile app to get the latest headlines from around the Tri-State.Copyright 2016WFIE. All rights reserved.1115 Mt. Auburn RoadEvansville, IN 47720(812) 426-1414A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
496,280,557589,"May 11, 2016",Alabama,Birmingham,1400 block of 21st St N,1,4,https://www.al.com/news/birmingham/2018/10/man-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-killing-girlfriend-shooting-kids-in-2016.html,"Sedrick Norris was convicted of killing his longtime girlfriend and wounding four of his eight children in 2016 (JCSO)A Birmingham man was ordered to spend the rest of his life in prison after being convicted of killing his girlfriend and shooting several of his children.Sedrick Letzie Norris, 39, was convicted after atrial inAugust on two counts of capital murder--the charges made capital because the victim had a protection order against Norris and because the crime was committed during the course of a burglary--and four counts of attempted murder for a 2016 shooting that killed Coral Anita Wilson and injured four of Wilson and Norris’ young children.Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro sentenced Norris last week to a term of life in prison, without the possibility of parole. Court records show Norris was not eligible for the death penalty under theAtkinsU.S. Supreme Court ruling that states execution is not an option for people with intellectual disabilities.Birmingham police responded to the 1400 block of 21st Street North on the evening ofMay 11, 2016after receiving several calls about gunshots in the area. Wilson was found dead on her living room floor, and thefour wounded childrenwere found outside and at a neighbor’s apartment.The couplehad eight children together--three others at the house weren’t hurt, and one wasn’t home.Deputy District Attorney Neal Zarzour saidduring the trialthat on the night of the shooting, Norris grabbed an AK-47 he kept in the closet at Wilson’s house and shot her in the neck while she held their infant son. He also shot and injured four of his children--5, 8, 11 and 12. The four children not wounded are ages 13, 9, 6 and 8 months. Norris’ attorney Michael Blalock said Norris “snapped” when he shot Wilson and the children because he saw Wilson in bed with another woman.After the verdict, Blalock said he disagreed. ""I disagree with the verdict but I understand the jury returning that based on the facts presented to them,"" Blalock said. ""I'm disappointed they couldn't hear about [Norris'] diminished capacity.... They had no information on his intellectual state.""While jurors knew Norris was ineligible for the death penalty, they weren't informed of theAtkinsrule. Under Alabama law, a defendant can't put on a diminished capacity defense where he or she claims they lacked the required intent because of a mental impairment, such as a learning disability. This is different than an insanity defense.Zarzour said he and DDA Joe Roberts, who also prosecuted the case, appreciated the jury’s work. “They had to deal with some disturbing, emotional evidence in order to reach their decision. Even for those of us who handle violent cases on daily basis, crimes involving young children are uniquely challenging. We are pleased that Mr. Norris has been held accountable for his actions and that Coral Wilson and her children received the justice they deserve.”Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
497,281,557479,"May 11, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,7100 block of South State Street,0,5,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/1-killed-15-wounded-in-wednesday-shootings-across-chicago/,"Filed under:Four people were killed and at least 16 others wounded in shootings across Chicago on Wednesday.Two women and a man were killed in a domestic-related shooting Wednesday night in the South Side Englewood neighborhood.Fifty-year-old Jerome T. Wright; and two 26-year-old women, Makeesha Starks and Kiara Kinard, were in a home in the 1500 block of West 71st Street at 11:20 p.m. when a man they knew approached and started shooting, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office.Wright, of the 1500 block of West 74th Street; and Starks, who lived on the block where the shooting happened, were both shot in the head and pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said.Kinard, of the 7700 block of South Seeley, was shot in the back and was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where she died at 2:37 a.m., authorities said.A suspect in the triple homicide remained barricaded in a home in the Fernwood neighborhood at 104th and Union as of Thursday afternoon. Police initially responded to the home about 4:15 a.m.Wednesday’s first shooting left a former Cook County correctional officer dead shortly after midnight in the Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood on the South Side.Ira Cotton, 56, was standing on a front porch in the 7400 block of South Ingleside about 12:10 a.m. when someone walked up to him and demanded his car keys before shooting him in the left leg, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County sheriff’s office.Cotton, who worked as a correctional officer from 1983-2004, was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where he was later pronounced dead, authorities said.“Officer Cotton gave 20 years of his life to serving his community and making Cook County a safer place,” the sheriff’s office said in a statement. “Sheriff Dart joins his friends, family and former Cook County Jail colleagues in mourning his tragic death.”The latest nonfatal shooting happened in the West Pullman neighborhood on the Far South Side.A 25-year-old man was driving near 129th and Lowe at 10:35 p.m. when someone exited an alley and shot at him, according to police. He was shot in the leg and was taken to MetroSouth Medical Center in Blue Island, where his condition was stabilized.About two hours earlier, a 15-year-old boy was shot in the leg in the West Side Austin neighborhood. The boy was shot in the 1300 block of North Parkside during a drive-by attack, police said. He was taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition.Twenty minutes earlier, five people were wounded in a Park Manor neighborhood shooting.The five—a woman and four men—were outside in the first block of East 71st Street shortly after 8 p.m. when several people walked up and opened fire, police said.A 27-year-old man was shot in the left thigh and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, along with a 20-year-old man shot in the arm and back, according to police and fire officials. A 32-year-old woman shot in the head and a 20-year-old man shot in the chest were taken to Stroger Hospital.All four were in serious-to-critical condition, fire officials said.Police said a fifth victim, a 26-year-old man, took himself to St. Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center, where his condition had stabilized.Earlier in the evening, a 17-year-old boy was shot in the leg in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood on the Southwest Side. It happened about 6:40 p.m. in the 2500 block of West 63rd Street, and his condition was stabilized at Christ Medical Center. He wasn’t cooperative with investigators, police said.Another Southwest Side shooting minutes earlier left a 24-year-old man wounded. He took himself to Mount Sinai Hospital after being shot in the side of the head about 6:30 p.m. in the 5700 block of South Kedzie, police said. His condition stabilized.Wednesday afternoon, a man in his 20s was shot in the Humboldt Park neighborhood on the West Side. He suffered a leg wound about 2:15 p.m. in the 700 block of North Trumbull and was treated at the scene, police said. He was listed in good condition.About the same time, two people were shot on the Near West Side. A 27-year-old woman shot in the arm and hip was taken to Stroger Hospital, along with a 44-year-old man who suffered a hip wound. Their conditions were stabilized after the shooting in the 2100 block of West Jackson, which police said likely was gang-related.A pregnant woman was among three people wounded in another Chicago Lawn shooting about 12:45 p.m. in the 6900 block of South Western. A 15-year-old boy shot in the right arm and the pregnant 21-year-old shot in the foot were taken to Christ Medical Center, fire officials said. A 26-year-old man shot in the right ankle was taken to Holy Cross Hospital. Their conditions stabilized, police said.The day’s first nonfatal shooting happened about 12:40 a.m. in another Humboldt Park attack. A 32-year-old man shot in the abdomen and foot in the 900 block of North Drake took himself to Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center. The documented gang member later was transferred to Stroger Hospital, where his condition was stabilized, police said. He wasn’t cooperative.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.Time is short, however, with only seven regular season games left for each of the Bulls and Blackhawks.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
498,282,555126,"May 8, 2016",Texas,Austin,8600 block of North Lamar,1,3,http://apps.statesman.com/homicides/victim/rigoberto-jose-castillo/,"Died May 8, 20168600 North Lamar BoulevardRigoberto Jose Castillo was at a taco truck in the 8600 block of North Lamar Boulevard in North Austin when a group of people including his suspected killer Osiel Benitez Benitez cut in line in front of Castillo. Castillo confronted the group, which led to a fistfight, Austin police said. Benitez went to a car, grabbed a handgun and opened fire at Castillo. The gunshots hit Castillo and others, including three women, Austin police said. Castillo died at the scene.Benitez fled the scene of the shooting in a car while a witness followed taking down the car's license plate. At one point, Benitez exited the car and confronted the man and may have even attempted to shoot him, according to an arrest affidavit. The witness said the gun may have jammed, and Benitez was later arrested the home of the car's registered owner, police said.Do you have a photo of this victim to share?Please let us know.Tyler Geoffrey HunkinApril 22, 2016Juan Jose Casimiro-PaxtorMay 14, 2016© Gannett Co., Inc.. All Rights Reserved •Send us feedback"
499,283,555873,"May 6, 2016",Michigan,Detroit,12300 block of Gratiot,1,4,http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/detroit/2016/05/09/multiple-weekend-shootings-detroit/84131718/,"A bloody Mother's Day weekend in Detroit left seven people dead and 14 others injured in 17 shootings across the city, according to Police Chief James Craig, who said it was the second-most-violent weekend of the year.""Again, when you talk about the recent spate of violence, especially involving children starting on Easter, that drives a lot of fear and we recognize that,"" Craig said Monday at a news conference. ""That's why the initiative, Taking Back Our Neighborhoods, one neighborhood at a time does have value. ...I'll say it and it may infuriate some, but the city's become desensitized to violence over the years. ... I just know it was almost an acceptance if you will, 'Well Detroit's going to be violent.' I'm suggesting that that's not the way life should be. We're moving in the right direction.""Craig said the shootings took place from Friday through Sunday, including one shooting that left one person dead and four others wounded Friday night on the city’s east side and the fatal shooting of a man Sunday night in southwest Detroit. Of all the shootings this weekend, only two people are in custody so far, but Craig said investigators are continuing to work on the cases.""One of the things we are doing, it's very clear we are fighting our own progress,"" Craig said. ""I won't claim success as you've heard me say. Our overall crime is declining, but we are fighting our own progress. When you look at this past weekend, I've said time and time and time again, one homicide is one too many. We have 21 victims. ...Two weekends ago, we were sitting on a total number of 24 victims, so the last three to four weeks haven't been good.""I-94 open after shooting investigation closes freewayAccording to police, three of the shootings this weekend happened within just an hour of each other.The first shooting happened at 7 p.m. Friday in a neighborhood near Packard and Savage streets. Police said two 21-year-old men were in the area when a dark-colored Dodge Stratus pulled up with at least three people inside. Two people got out and started firing shots, fatally shooting one of the 21-year-old men. The other man was not injured.Forty minutes later, another shooting happened in a neighborhood in the 2000 block of Meadow. A man was standing near the street when a vehicle pulled up, a person got out of the vehicle and tried to rob him. The men exchanged gunfire and then a third man showed up and started firing shots as well. He was shot, along with the man who drove up in the vehicle. The robbery victim was not injured. Police said on Friday, one person is in custody in that incident.Twenty minutes later, at about 8 p.m., five men in their mid-20s were gunned down while standing in front of a car wash on the 12300 block of Gratiot. One man died, one is in stable condition and two were in temporary serious condition. Police did not release the condition of the fifth man.The fourth shooting happened at 2:15 a.m. Saturday on Schoolcraft near Grandville. Two males, including one wearing a white mask, approached a  51-year-old male on foot and shot him. It's unclear whether it was a robbery, but the victim called police. His condition was not immediately released.Almost two hours later, at about 4 a.m., a 45-year-old male was found dead with a gunshot wound in the street near the 7000 block of Minock.Then Sunday, a9-year-old boy found a handgun in a neighbor’s yard and accidentally shot himselfwhile showing the gun to his mother. Williams said the shooting happened Sunday afternoon on the city’s west side. The boy was taken to a hospital.As of May 9, there have been 96 homicides in the city, Craig said, which is the same number at this time last year.""But when you look at homicides year to date and you compare it to 2013, we're sitting on a 14 percent reduction,"" Craig said.Despite the bloody weekend, Craig said he believes the city is moving in the right direction. Touting several recent initiatives, he said his department is continuing to make strides.Project Green Light, which is an initiative that allows Detroit police to monitor some gas stations across the city through high-definition cameras, already has begun to pay off, Craig said. Security footage taken from one of the gas station's involved in the project led to an arrest and charges against a woman who was ID'd ina high-profile shootingin March at a Mobil gas station on the city's west side.Craig said a partnership with the community and its stakeholders continues to be key in fighting crime.""I don't like to use the word snitch when we talk about the people in our neighborhoods,"" Craig said. ""I use the word cooperation and that does happen. When we talk about no snitching, no snitching is only recognized in the criminal culture. What we're seeing a lot of times in these shooting incidents, it could be criminal on criminal, they're not talking and we do know that people know what happens. ... So shame on you if you know something and you're not saying anything because you're part of the problem.""Contact Katrease Stafford: kstafford@freepress.comReporter Tresa Baldas contributed to this report."
500,284,555886,"May 6, 2016",Alabama,Montgomery,1300 block of Clay Street,1,3,http://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/crime/2016/05/07/4-shot-clay-st-west-montgomery/84063166/,"Montgomery police on Tuesday announced that they have launched an investigation into a shooting death that occurred Friday on Clay Street.According to a release from the Montgomery Police Department, Reginald Williams, 35, of Montgomery, was the victim.“On Friday, May 6, at about 9:12 p.m., MPD and Fire Medics responded to a shooting in the 1300 block of Clay Street,” the release stated. “There, they located four adult gunshot victims who were transported to a local hospital for further treatment. Three of the victims sustained non-life-threatening injuries; the fourth victim, Williams, sustained serious injury and was pronounced dead on Monday, May 10.”No arrests have been made and no other information is available at this time, officials said.Police ask individuals with knowledge of this shooting to call Crime Stoppers at 215-STOP, Secret Witness at 262-400, or the Montgomery Police Department at 652-2831.The Montgomery Advertiser Crime and Arrest Mugshots Section"
501,285,554133,"May 6, 2016",Maryland,Bethesda,7101 Democracy Blvd,3,3,http://wjla.com/news/local/family-and-friends-mourn-the-lose-of-shooting-victim-gunned-down-in-aspen-hill,
502,286,553803,"May 5, 2016",Louisiana,Shreveport,300 block of North Thomas Drive,2,6,http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/crime/2016/05/05/two-killed-eight-injured-ambush-style-shooting/83966862/,"An early morning shooting in the Cherokee Park area of Shreveport left two men dead, eight others injured and residents of the neighborhood in a state of fear and confusion asdetails emerge on what happened.Shreveport Police officers responded to the 300 block of North Thomas Drive just after 1 a.m. Thursday after receiving reports of a shooting at a local tire shop. Officers arriving on the scene discovered multiple victims suffering from gunshot wounds, who were later  taken to area hospitals by ambulance and private vehicles and treated for injuries ranging from serious to non-life-threatening, SPD spokesman Cpl. Marcus Hines said..Authorities have identified the two men killed in the shooting as Elton Wayne Madison and Leatrick Benjamin, both 37. Other victims included Henry Sherman, 44, and Randy Brown, 36, both listed in serious condition as of Thursday afternoon. Treated for non-life-threatening injuries and released from area hospitals were Tyrone Coley, 37, Joey Caldwell, 29, Robert Baulkman, 30, and Richard Baker, 29. Two more men, Kenneth Jones, 29, and Jeremy Madison, 28, only suffered minor cuts and scrapes.Preliminary investigation suggests a group of men were engaged in a card game after hours inside the tire shop when a group of three to four individuals entered with their faces covered. According to Hines, the suspects entering the business were armed with what appeared to be semi-automatic rifles and began firing on the individuals inside.LaGwen Hill, 63, has lived in the 500 block of Seneca Trail — around the corner from the scene of the ambush-style shooting — for more than thirty years. She had just gone to bed when she heard multiple shots from what she believed to be an automatic weapon nearby.""It just kept going on,"" said Hill. ""I thought it was fireworks at first.""Hill said she has spent more time at home since retiring two years ago and has really seen her neighborhood change. When she first moved to the area, Hill said people took greater pride in the area but she has seen a recent increase in suspicious activity and a decrease in the feeling of safety.Hill also was concerned about late night activity she has seen in and around the location of Thursday morning's shooting.""I think it's a hangout,"" she said. ""Any time you get a bunch of young folks hanging out, there's no order to that. I've heard shots before, but never that close.""Shontel Grant, 41, a resident in the 400 block of Seneca Trail, said she has noticed increased, late-night activity at the tire business and has wondered what people were up to at what she considers odd hours for operation.""I have no idea what they're doing in there,"" said Grant, who has lived in the neighborhood for three years.Grant said she woke up to a flurry of police cars early Thursday morning and checked the news to see what was happening. Although she normally allows her children to walk to Shreveport Super Store — a business located across the street from the scene of the shooting — Grant isn't sure she will continue allowing them to do so.""It scares me — especially when you don't know what happened and who it involved,"" she said.April Burley, 31, said she has never felt unsafe, but she does have a 14-year-old daughter that she is very protective of due to what she perceives to bean increase in area crime recently.""You never know what can happen,"" Burley said. ""It's getting crazier and crazier.""Al Russell operates Al's Auto Care, another business located across from the scene of Thursday morning's shooting. Russell said he has always worked on cars overnight at other locations he has operated but nearby activity — many people congregating at the business where the shooting occurred — caused him to change his normal routine.""I can move past it,"" said Russell. ""But there's always concerns. That's why I go home early.""Russell said he typically heads home around 8 or 9 p.m. every night due to concerns about the activities he has seen around the business where the shootings occurred.As of Thursday afternoon, no suspects had been charged in the shooting, but detectives were pursuing leads and continuing to gather information and evidence.Authorities urge anyone with any information to contact Crime Stoppers at (318) 673-7373 or to visit their website atwww.lockemup.org.Annual crime rates for District 2 (Cherokee Park is in District 2)Total violent crime for 2015: 109Total property crime for 2015: 61Total crime for 2015: 439January - March 2016 crime rates for District 2Homicide: 0Rape: 3Robbery (Business and Person): 6Aggravated battery: 3Aggravated assault: 3Burglary (residence and business): 30Shoplifting: 9Theft (business, residence, auto and general): 49Total crime for January - March 2016: 103(Source: www.shreveportla.gov)"
503,287,554027,"May 5, 2016",Florida,Miami,2108 NW 19th Terrace,1,3,http://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/1-Killed-3-Injured-in-Allapattah-Shooting-Police-378388331.html,"One person has died while three others remain hospitalized following ashooting Thursday night in Allapattah.Miami Police say the shooting happened around 9 p.m. Thursday  at a housing development in the 2100 block of Northwest 19th Terrace. All of the victims are in their late teens and early 20s.All four were taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital. One of the victims, a male, has died. He was shot in the chest, police say.The conditions of the other victims aren't known.Investigators remained at the scene of the shooting well into the overnight hours collecting evidence. A large number of shell casings were left behind, at least 90 evidence markers were placed down.Nearby cars had their windows blown out from the barrage of bullets.Police say the motive for the shooting is unclear, but that it may have been in retaliation for another shooting.Surveillance cameras in the area did catch the shooting on camera. So far, there have been no suspects or arrests.Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS."
504,289,551053,"May 1, 2016",Tennessee,Murfreesboro,1955 Old Castle Drive,0,5,http://www.dnj.com/story/news/2016/05/02/shooting-victims-identified/83822272/,"MURFREESBORO — One of the victims in Sunday's shooting at Aspen Heights Apartments was hit when he heard the commotion and stepped outside his apartmentSaqer Saeed Alzahrani, 26, heard the fight break out at the nearby party at about 1 a.m. and went to see what was going on, according to police reports provided to The Daily News Journal. Alzahrani was one of five people injured after a fight broke out at the party and people began shooting.“He had been shot in the lower left arm and left side,” reported Murfreesboro Officer Jessica Hawkins, who was dispatched to the scene at 12:52 a.m.Hawkins applied pressure to the victim’s wounds until Murfreesboro Fire and Rescue took over emergency care.“He was transported to St. Thomas Rutherford, where he was stabilized and then taken to Vanderbilt,"" Hawkins said.Another victim was identified by police as Antavius Burns, 24.A third victim may have left in a white Dodge Charger, according to Officer Randall Gaines.Gaines made contact with that vehicle and the victim, identified as Dynasty Freeman, 20, on East Main Street near Ragland Drive.“Ms. Freeman was transported to the ER,” Gaines said.All three of those injured are Middle Tennessee State University students, according to MTSU spokesman Jimmy Hart.A fourth victim was Tedarrian Deshawn Tipton, according to Murfreesboro police spokesman Sgt. Kyle Evans, and the fifth victim was Arthur Bess II.Other than Alzahrani, all of the victims were treated at Saint Thomas Rutherford and have since been released, according to  Nick Paranjape, manager of Media Relations & Brand Journalism for Saint Thomas Health Nashville.On Sunday morning, Trina Taylor, a neighbor on Old Castle Drive in Aspen Heights, said the house with the party had been crowded, and many of the people she saw running from it seemed to be college students.“It’s the end of the semester, a lot of them were through with finals,” she said.No arrests have been made and Murfreesboro police are continuing to investigate the shootings. Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers at 615-893-STOP (7867).Chaos erupted as 5 injured in shooting at party"
505,290,550445,"April 29, 2016",Missouri,Saint Louis (Ferguson),400 block of N Dade Ave,0,4,http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/gunfire-wounds-several-at-home-of-relatives-of-child-fatally/article_c36ac516-e348-58e6-9e6d-c1fde70f98c5.html,"Police investigate the scene of a drive-by shooting along the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comA bullet pierced the front windshield of an automobile parked in the driveway of home along the 400 block of Dade Avenue where a drive-by shooting left three injured in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. Police say more than 30 rounds were fired from two weapons. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comPolice investigate the scene of a drive-by shooting along the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.com""This family has been through too much,"" said Latoyia Olowookere, who was grazed by a bullet during the drive-by shooting at the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. ""The shooting went on for seven or eight minutes,"" said Olowookere , who was attending a repass at the home. ""I started pulling kids down the ground when I heard the shot,"" she said. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comFERGUSON •Police say they are looking for suspects in an apparent drive-by shooting Friday that injured three children and a woman at the home of relatives of young shooting victim Jamyla Bolden.Police said three people were wounded but LaToyia Olowookere, 36, said she was also one of those hit along with two 9-year-old girls and a 4-year-old boy. She said all of the wounds were from being grazed by bullets.Police said the shooting happened outside a home in the 400 block of Dade Avenue that belongs to the family of Jamyla, who at 9 years oldwas shot and killed while doing homework last August.Olowookere, a family friend who lives nearby, said several people were gathered at the home because of the death of a great-aunt of Jamyla’s. She said she was among about 15 to 20 people in the yard when the gunfire began. Of those, about 10 were children.“That’s how I got my injury,” she said. “I got up and started grabbing kids and pulling them down.”She was grazed in the upper chest but declined to be taken to a hospital for treatment.She said a 9-year-old girl was grazed in the head, another 9-year-old girl in the wrist and a 4-year-old boy in the abdomen.She said the children were cousins of Jamyla. Jamyla’s brother was among the children who were in the yard but he was not hit, Olowookere said. He had been home in August 2015 when Jamyla was killed and his mother was wounded by gunfire at another residence in Ferguson.The shooting on Friday happened around 5 p.m., according to Ferguson’s acting police chief, Al Eickhoff.Two vehicles were driving down Dade and at least one person inside fired multiple shots, Eickhoff said.“You have a senseless drive-by shooting,” Eickhoff said. “Senseless.”Police say they do not know who the target was.Michele Atkins, 33, said she was waiting in a car for her boyfriend nearby when she heard several shots. She said there was a lot of screaming and crying when the shooting happened.Olowookere said she did not see where the gunfire came from, but she said a neighbor told her that someone had fired as a pickup and a sedan passed the home in opposite directions.“Everybody’s OK, by the grace of God,” she said afterward. “What do you tell these kids in a situation like this?”""This family has been through too much,"" said Latoyia Olowookere, who was grazed by a bullet during the drive-by shooting at the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. ""The shooting went on for seven or eight minutes,"" said Olowookere , who was attending a repass at the home. ""I started pulling kids down the ground when I heard the shot,"" she said. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comWant to stay smart about what's happening in St. Louis? Make a modest investment in a Post-Dispatch subscription and I'll tell you how developments around the world affect local businesses big and small.Shake off your afternoon slump with the oft-shared and offbeat news of the day, hand-brewed by our online news editors.Valerie Schremp Hahn is a features writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.The suspect's vehicle was described as a small, dark gray SUV. Police said it was a possible road rage shooting.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Police found the man Wednesday in the 100 block of North Broadway, but it wasn't clear if he jumped or fell.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Lacey K. Newton, Cordell S. Williams and their 4-month-old son were in a car that was rear-ended Tuesday night on Highway 30.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.Police dashcam video shows theshooting of 23-year-old Terry Tillman on Aug. 31, 2019, near the Galleria shopping center.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.There have been at least five shootings along that stretch of highway in recent months and police say they appear to be unrelated.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Tyson Paul Heise, 34, was charged with first-degree assault on a special victim and armed criminal action in the attack.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Charges say police reviewed surveillance video that showed a jail guard open an inmate's cell, allowing two inmates to attack another.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Torian Wilson, 17, of St. Louis, also was charged with armed criminal action in the fatal shooting Thursday of Elijah Newman, 45, of St. Peters.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.Shamekia Jackson entered a guilty plea Thursday in a case related to the shooting death of young Xavier Usanga in 2019.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.The chief told the Post-Dispatch on Wednesday that she will continue to lead the force despite a no-confidence vote by the County Council.Police investigate the scene of a drive-by shooting along the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.com""This family has been through too much,"" said Latoyia Olowookere, who was grazed by a bullet during the drive-by shooting at the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. ""The shooting went on for seven or eight minutes,"" said Olowookere , who was attending a repass at the home. ""I started pulling kids down the ground when I heard the shot,"" she said. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comA bullet pierced the front windshield of an automobile parked in the driveway of home along the 400 block of Dade Avenue where a drive-by shooting left three injured in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. Police say more than 30 rounds were fired from two weapons. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comPolice investigate the scene of a drive-by shooting along the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.com""This family has been through too much,"" said Latoyia Olowookere, who was grazed by a bullet during the drive-by shooting at the 400 block of Dade Avenue in Ferguson on Friday, April 29, 2016. ""The shooting went on for seven or eight minutes,"" said Olowookere , who was attending a repass at the home. ""I started pulling kids down the ground when I heard the shot,"" she said. The shooting happened outside a home that belongs to the family of Jamyla Bolden, who at 9 years old was shot and killed while doing homework in August of last year. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,lskrivan@post-dispatch.comGet up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device."
506,291,550619,"April 29, 2016",California,Oakland,3200 block of San Pablo Avenue,0,5,http://www.mercurynews.com/crime-courts/ci_29834072/west-oakland-shooting-leaves-six-injured-five-by,"Trending:OAKLAND — A shooting in West Oakland Friday night that left six people injured,  five with gunshot wounds, was possibly gang related, police said Saturday.All of those injured are expected to recover.The shooting happened about 9:15 p.m. Friday near a liquor store in the 3200 block of San Pablo Avenue.Police said a group of people were on the sidewalk  when more than one suspect  walked up  and began shooting at them.More than three dozen shots were fired, police said.Five people in the group were shot in different parts of their bodies.Four of them were men, one 24, two 27 and one 30.  A 24-year-old woman was also shot. They are all from Oakland.A stray bullet went through the windshield of a 24-year-old Oakland woman driving northbound on San Pablo  sending glass shards into her eyes., police said.Three of the injured were taken by ambulance to a hospital.  The other three got their own rides to a hospital.Two of the gunshot victims were eventually treated and released, police said.Investigators said  based on where the shooting happened and other information they have, they have not ruled out that the attack was gang related but declined to elaborate.Police were continuing to investigate the shooting on Saturday.Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering  up to $25,000 in reward money for information  leading to the arrest of the shooters.  Anyone with information may call police at 510-238-3426 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.OAKLAND — A shooting in West Oakland Friday night that left six people injured,  five with gunshot wounds, was possibly gang related, police said Saturday.All of those injured are expected to recover.The shooting happened about 9:15 p.m. Friday near a liquor store in the 3200 block of San Pablo Avenue.Police said a group of people were on the sidewalk  when more than one suspect  walked up  and began shooting at them.More than three dozen shots were fired, police said.Five people in the group were shot in different parts of their bodies.Four of them were men, one 24, two 27 and one 30.  A 24-year-old woman was also shot. They are all from Oakland.A stray bullet went through the windshield of a 24-year-old Oakland woman driving northbound on San Pablo  sending glass shards into her eyes., police said.Three of the injured were taken by ambulance to a hospital.  The other three got their own rides to a hospital.Two of the gunshot victims were eventually treated and released, police said.Investigators said  based on where the shooting happened and other information they have, they have not ruled out that the attack was gang related but declined to elaborate.Police were continuing to investigate the shooting on Saturday.Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering  up to $25,000 in reward money for information  leading to the arrest of the shooters.  Anyone with information may call police at 510-238-3426 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.Get Morning Report and other email newsletters"
507,294,548333,"April 26, 2016",Maryland,District Heights (Forestville),6500 block of Hil-Mar Drive,1,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/one-woman-dead-after-quadruple-shooting-in-prince-georges-county/2016/04/26/f126d52a-0b95-11e6-bfa1-4efa856caf2a_story.html,"A quintuple shooting Tuesday morning left four people wounded and one woman dead in Prince George’s County.The incident happened about 1:30 a.m. in the 6500 block of Hil-Mar Drive in Forestville when a group of people standing outside were shot by someone who was inside a car, police said.The car sped off, and when officers arrived, they found Joanne Woods, 49, suffering from gunshot wounds, police said.Woods, a District Heights resident, was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. Four men were also shot during the attack, according to police. Two of the men — one of whom was taken to a hospital in critical condition — were treated and released, and two others remained hospitalized in stable condition as of Tuesday afternoon.Police had initially reported that four people were wounded or killed in the shooting, but later added a fifth victim.Detectives do not think the shooting was random and are searching for a suspect, police said.A reward of up to $25,000 is available for information leading to an arrest and indictment in the case. Police are asking anyone with tips to call 1-866-411-TIPS (8477).Lynh Bui contributed to this report.Lynh Bui contributed to this report."
508,295,547639,"April 25, 2016",Tennessee,Nashville,400 Charlotte Avenue,0,4,http://www.tennessean.com/story/news/crime/2016/04/26/teen-shot-critically-injured-bus-station-now-stable/83537760/,"Jerock Walker recalls the mob of chaos as the gunshots sliced through the noise of a busy afternoon at downtown Nashville's Music City Central.""I was shocked that they would just come and do that, with three hundred people right there, they’d just start shooting anywhere and everywhere,"" said the 16-year-old, who was at the bus station when shots rang out on Monday afternoon.Walker returned the next day to rally against violence at the site where the shooting left four teenagers injured, including one critically. The teen was listed in stable condition Tuesday morning.Along with Walker, the city tried to make sense Tuesday of one of the bloodiest days in Nashville in some time — particularly for teens and young adults.Eight people were injured in two separate quadruple shootings in just a 14-hour period. Police believe four people also were shot at aGoodlettsville home during an unrelated argument over a rap song.Nashville Music City Central shooting injures 4 teens, 1 criticallyIn the bus station shooting, police identified Demarcus Kavel Amos, 16, as the suspect and are seeking him on one count of attempted murder and three counts of aggravated assault. Police have yet to find the teen at his home and school and are seeking help in locating him.In the wake of the violence, officials tried to calm the fears of those who use the downtown transit to get to work, school or elsewhere across Music City. Extra police were stationed there Tuesday to aid in that effort.Metro Transit Authority CEO Steve Bland said the shooting was an unfortunate and rare incident.More than 15,000 people pass through the building every day, which is like selling out Bridgestone Arena, Bland said. The shooting is the most serious event in the building's eight-year history.""This is one of the safest places in Nashville,"" he said.Bland said that at least eight police officers or security patrols are on site at any given time. The station has 44 cameras. And police and security were within 75 feet of the shooting and responded within 10 seconds, he said.But the scene of people scrambling for cover as the shots rang out has left its mark.Walker, a student at Johnson Alternative Learning Center, said students were running in every direction when the gunfire struck the four teenagers. The wounded included the intended target of the shooting — 18-year-old Javious Chatman, Metro Police spokesman Don Aaron said.Chatman suffered a gunshot wound to the torso and was taken by ambulance to Vanderbilt University Medical Center, where he was first in critical condition but stable by Tuesday, police said.Two 16-year-olds, Nathaniel Webb and Jonathan Stoner, and 17-year-old Jalen Jeffries suffered minor injuries. They also were taken to Vanderbilt's hospital, where they were treated and released, according to police.A 911 call made to dispatch on Monday also helped paint the scene where hundreds of students were traveling home from school.""We're laying on the ground, ma'am, send the police. Oh my God,"" a frantic woman tells a dispatcher. ""There's been a shooting down here at MTA, a guy just got shot.""About 4,500 students pass through the station on a school day, said Joe Bass, Metro Schools spokesman.Music City Central shooting 911 call: 'We're laying on the ground, send the police'Metro Nashville Public Schools magnet students have been able to ride the buses for free or at a reduced cost for years, Bass said. And all high school students were allowed to ride the bus for free in 2014 under former Mayor Karl Dean's administration.Bass called the bus station safe, but said the district plans to work with city leaders in addressing any safety concerns. The school district helps pay for security at the station.""Our goal is to do what it takes to keep our kids safe, and that includes school-related places, bus stops, athletic events and graduation events,” he said.Walker hoped his actions and that of those gathered at the peace rally held by the Oasis Center helped to say the space was safe for all.Although he said feels uneasy about riding the bus after Monday, the city’s reaction meant a lot to him.""They are letting us know we are safe in this community,"" Walker said. ""And that this property is ours. We don't have to worry about coming out here and getting shot.""Reach Jason Gonzales at 615-259-8047 and on Twitter @ByJasonGonzales. Reach Natalie Neysa Alund at 615-259-8072 and on Twitter @nataliealund.Police searching for suspectPolice are asking for help finding Demarcus Kavel Amos, and anyone seeing him or knowing his whereabouts is asked to immediately contact the Emergency Communications Center at 615-862-8600 or Crime Stoppers at 615-742-7463.Callers to Crime Stoppers can remain anonymous and qualify for a cash reward. Electronic tips also can be sent to police by texting the word “CASH” along with the message to 274637 (CRIMES), or online at www.nashvillecrimestoppers.com.Goodlettsville shootingIn a different incident Monday, cousins Christopher Christian II, 22, and Ryan Bowden, 20, told police they were shot about 2 a.m. after fighting with three men about recording a rap song in a studio they run out of a garage at a home in the 500 block of Cunniff Parkway.The cousins were taken to Vanderbilt Medical Center with minor injuries. Police say Christian and Bowden have each been convicted of aggravated robbery and burglary in Cheatham County.Shortly after responding to Cunniff Parkway, Antonio Doval, 23, and Brandon Richardson, 24, arrived at Skyline Medical Center with gunshot wounds. Richardson had been shot in the hip, and Doval was struck in the arm. Police say both have been convicted of robberies.During interviews, neither man could tell detectives where the shooting had occurred or who shot them, according to police."
509,297,546760,"April 24, 2016",Virginia,Halifax,1055 L P Bailey Memorial Hwy,0,5,http://wric.com/2016/04/26/man-shot-by-deputy-charged-with-shooting-into-vfw-hall/,"8NewsHALIFAX, Va. (AP) – Authorities have charged a man they say shot at a Veterans of Foreign Wars hall in Halifax, injuring four people, and was then shot by a sheriff’s deputy.Virginia State Police announced Monday that 19-year-old Malik Cobbs of Danville is charged with shooting into an occupied building in Halifax. Cobbs, who was flown to Duke University Hospital in North Carolina with a non-life-threatening injury, is awaiting extradition.Police say a deputy he saw a man leaving the VFW hall firing, shooting the man when he didn’t drop the weapon as commanded.Geller says four people were injured in the initial shooting, not five as first reported. Only one was still hospitalized Monday.(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Find 8News onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagram; send your news tips toiReport8@wric.com.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.RICHMOND, Va. (WRIC) -- The Richmond Police Department sent out a statement on Tuesday asking citizens to demonstrate ""safely and in a conscientious manner that respects the rights of all.""""The Department works to facilitate the safe exercise of constitutional rights of free speech and assembly while protecting persons and property,"" RPD said in an announcement. ""As members of this community, we are all ultimately responsible for providing a safe environment for each other.""MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prosecutors fought hard to add a third-degree murder charge against former police Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, but a conviction on that charge alone could set up a problematic scenario for them.That’s because another fired Minneapolis officer found guilty of third-degree murder has a pending appeal before the state Supreme Court — and if his conviction is overturned, it could mean a Chauvin conviction would fall, too."
510,298,547319,"April 24, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Englewood),2000 block of West 68th Place,2,3,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/fire-officials-4-shot-in-west-englewood/,"Filed under:Two men were killed and three other people wounded in a shooting Sunday night in the West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.The group was sitting on a front porch in the 2000 block of West 68th Place about 11:10 p.m. when someone got out of a vehicle in a nearby vacant lot and opened fire, according to Chicago Police.A 27-year-old man, identified as Devin Hamb, was shot in the chest and taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where he was pronounced dead at 11:55 p.m., according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office. He lived in the 500 block of East 72nd Street.Davon Barrett, 38, was shot in the neck and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 12:33 a.m. Monday, according to the medical examiner’s office. Barrett lived on the same block where the shooting happened.A 27-year-old man shot in the back was taken Christ Medical Center and 17-year-old boy shot in the left leg was taken to St. Bernard Hospital. Their conditions were both stabilized, police said.A 23-year-old woman was shot in the left leg and taken to Stroger Hospital, where her condition was also stabilized, police said.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.Time is short, however, with only seven regular season games left for each of the Bulls and Blackhawks.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
511,301,546244,"April 23, 2016",Alabama,Auburn,1200 block of Lee Road 83,3,1,http://www.al.com/news/montgomery/index.ssf/2016/04/3_dead_1_injured_in_auburn_sho.html#incart_river_index,"Tarabien Latrent Cobb (Auburn police)Auburn police made an arrest in the early Saturday morning shooting that killed three outside a nightclub.Tarabien Latrent Cobb, 33 of Auburn was arrested Saturday afternoon and charged with capital murder, according to Auburn police. He is being held in the Lee County Detention Facility without bond.Police say Cobb killed three men -- identified as Roderick L. Nelms, 32, Jadarrion L. Spinks, 25, and Recco R. Cobb, 43, all from Auburn -- during an exchange of gunfire outside Dr. D's Lounge located in the 1200 block of Lee Road 83.Officers responded to the report of shots fired at the nightclub at around 2 a.m. When they arrived at the scene, shots were still being fired.After taking control of the scene, officers found three men that had been shot and killed.Another man was transported to East Alabama Medical Center for the treatment of a non-life threatening gunshot wound.Auburn investigators learned the shooting stemmed from an altercation that occurred inside the club.Cobb was taken into custody at an Auburn residence with the assistance of the U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
512,302,546258,"April 23, 2016",New York,New York (Manhattan),West 141st Street and Edgecombe Avenue,0,4,http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/bronx-man-fatally-shot-wounded-six-hour-span-article-1.2612048,"A 30-year-old man attending a Bronx house party was fatally shot early Saturday — one of a half dozen people hit by gunfire during a bloody stretch of six hours, officials said.Rahmel Johnson's horrified family raced to Bronx Lebanon Hospital after he was blasted in the chest outside a home on Clay Ave. in Morrisania.His inconsolable cousin Tamika Johnson, 31, who attended the house party, fought with police and had to be removed from the hospital after she and another relative tried to push through a line of cops blocking the emergency room entrance.She was charged with disorderly conduct, criminal mischief and disorderly conduct after she kicked out the rear window of the police van she was placed into, cops said.""She was with him,"" Johnson's shell-shocked mother Sandra Johnson, 49, told the Daily News Saturday. ""She was very upset.""""I don't understand why they would target my son,"" Johnson's heartbroken mom told the Daily News. ""Why would they do that? I can't believe they killed my son.""The second relative, a 28-year-old woman, also received a summons for disorderly conduct, officials said.MAN, 32, ARRESTED FOR 2015 FORT GREENE SHOOTING THAT LEFT THREE DEAD: 'I DON'T GIVE A F---, I'M HERE AND THEY'RE NOT'Relatives believe their beloved self-employed T-shirt hawker was ""set up"" to be killed.He was standing near a DJ booth inside the house near E. 169th St. about 6:45 a.m. when he was called outside and fatally shot, relatives were told.""Some of his friends and family went outside,"" his uncle Donald Johnson said. ""They heard three shots and ran inside. He died on the operating table.""The gunman remained on the loose Saturday. A motive was not immediately disclosed by detectives.The music at the celebration was so loud that very few heard the gunshots, witnesses said.""I just heard music playing and people socializing,"" neighbor Tyree Riggins said.But the music was quickly drowned out by blood-curdling shrieks.""People started screaming and running out of the building every which way. It was like roaches when you cut the light on,"" said Riggins, 30. ""I heard a woman screaming, 'They killed my brother! They killed my brother!' """"It went from a fun super happy cool vibe to chaos,"" he said.The slaying was one of three shootings in the city between 1 a.m. and 7 a.m. Saturday, cops said.Four men between ages 19 and 34 were wounded as gunshots rang out on W. 141st St. near Edgecombe Ave. in Hamilton Heights just after 1 a.m., cops said.Three of the men were hit in the legs when witnesses said a lone gunman walked up and opened fire into the group. The fourth victim was hit in the arm.Two hours later, a 29-year-old man shot in the gut stumbled into New York-Presbyterian Columbia University Medical Center looking for help. He said he had been shot on W. 173rd St. and Amsterdam Ave., officials said.No arrests have been made.As of April 17, there have been 230 shootings citywide this year, down from 260 during the same period last year, an 11.5% drop.Murders are also down citywide — by 18%, officials said.ttracy@nydailynews.com"
513,303,546550,"April 23, 2016",Kansas,Topeka,3732 SW Topeka Blvd,1,4,https://www.cjonline.com/news/local/2017-06-05/autopsy-report-man-who-shot-three-officers-killed-himself-bathtub-burning,"Partially submerged in water in the bathtub of a burning motel room, 28-year-old Orlando Joe Collins killed himself by putting a gun in his mouth and pulling the trigger, an autopsy concludes.The bullet went from right to left, bisecting the jugular vein and fracturing multiple teeth and the jawbone before exiting through the left side of Collins’ neck, says the autopsy report by Shawnee County District Coroner Dr. Charles Glenn.Fire charred the skin on Collins’ face, hands, torso and lower extremities, likely after or near the time he died, the report said.Shawnee County District Court Clerk Angela Callahan’s office released the report Monday in response to a request from The Topeka Capital-Journal. Glenn had asked Callahan late last month to change the document from a suppressed record to a public record, saying a criminal investigation involving the death had been closed.Toxicological tests found marijuana but no other drugs or alcohol in the system of the 5-foot-7, 184-pound Collins, according to the autopsy report.“The decedent was involved in a firefight with law enforcement while he was within a burning motel room,” Glenn wrote. “He died from a perforating, intraoral gunshot wound. The characteristics of the gunshot wound are consistent with a self-inflicted injury.”Collins, whose home address was listed on the autopsy report as 808 S.W. Lindenwood Ave., was involved in a standoff with federal agents on the evening of April 23, 2016, as he was staying in Room 28 at a motel at 3732 S.W. Topeka Blvd.Collins shot and wounded two U.S. marshals and an FBI agent when they tried to take him into custody. That was the largest number of officers wounded at one time in the city’s history.A fire was ignited by Collins from inside his room during the gunfight and spread throughout the motel, authorities said. The fire destroyed 20 motel rooms and did an estimated $350,000 in damage.Collins was declared dead the next day after being found in the bathtub in his motel room, according to the autopsy report.“The patterns of thermal injuries seen at autopsy are consisent with the body position that the decedent was found within the bathtub and likely represent a partial submersion in water,” the report said. “Given the characteristic of the gunshot wound, the thermal injuries are most likely postmortem or perimorten. Consistently, he had a minimal amount of soot deposit within his airways and only 16% of his hemoglobin was saturated with carbon monoxide.”Glenn initially ordered the coroner’s report declared a confidential criminal investigation record last year to ensure its contents wouldn’t jeopardize a federal criminal investigation into the actions of Quentin Kirk Lawton, 37.Authorities said Lawton, who had visited Collins, lied to them before the standoff when he denied having any knowledge of Collins’ whereabouts.Lawton pleaded guilty last month in federal court to one count of making a false statement.Contact reporter Tim Hrenchir at (785) 295-1184 or @timhrenchir on Twitter.Partially submerged in water in the bathtub of a burning motel room, 28-year-old Orlando Joe Collins killed himself by putting a gun in his mouth and pulling the trigger, an autopsy concludes.The bullet went from right to left, bisecting the jugular vein and fracturing multiple teeth and the jawbone before exiting through the left side of Collins’ neck, says the autopsy report by Shawnee County District Coroner Dr. Charles Glenn.Fire charred the skin on Collins’ face, hands, torso and lower extremities, likely after or near the time he died, the report said.Shawnee County District Court Clerk Angela Callahan’s office released the report Monday in response to a request from The Topeka Capital-Journal. Glenn had asked Callahan late last month to change the document from a suppressed record to a public record, saying a criminal investigation involving the death had been closed.Toxicological tests found marijuana but no other drugs or alcohol in the system of the 5-foot-7, 184-pound Collins, according to the autopsy report.“The decedent was involved in a firefight with law enforcement while he was within a burning motel room,” Glenn wrote. “He died from a perforating, intraoral gunshot wound. The characteristics of the gunshot wound are consistent with a self-inflicted injury.”Collins, whose home address was listed on the autopsy report as 808 S.W. Lindenwood Ave., was involved in a standoff with federal agents on the evening of April 23, 2016, as he was staying in Room 28 at a motel at 3732 S.W. Topeka Blvd.Collins shot and wounded two U.S. marshals and an FBI agent when they tried to take him into custody. That was the largest number of officers wounded at one time in the city’s history.A fire was ignited by Collins from inside his room during the gunfight and spread throughout the motel, authorities said. The fire destroyed 20 motel rooms and did an estimated $350,000 in damage.Collins was declared dead the next day after being found in the bathtub in his motel room, according to the autopsy report.“The patterns of thermal injuries seen at autopsy are consisent with the body position that the decedent was found within the bathtub and likely represent a partial submersion in water,” the report said. “Given the characteristic of the gunshot wound, the thermal injuries are most likely postmortem or perimorten. Consistently, he had a minimal amount of soot deposit within his airways and only 16% of his hemoglobin was saturated with carbon monoxide.”Glenn initially ordered the coroner’s report declared a confidential criminal investigation record last year to ensure its contents wouldn’t jeopardize a federal criminal investigation into the actions of Quentin Kirk Lawton, 37.Authorities said Lawton, who had visited Collins, lied to them before the standoff when he denied having any knowledge of Collins’ whereabouts.Lawton pleaded guilty last month in federal court to one count of making a false statement.Contact reporter Tim Hrenchir at (785) 295-1184 or @timhrenchir on Twitter.© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.The Topeka Capital-Journal  ~ 100 S.E. 9th St., Suite 200, Topeka KS 66612-1213~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORK"
514,304,545525,"April 22, 2016",Ohio,Piketon,4077 Union Hill Rd,8,0,https://www.wcpo.com/news/crime/pike-county-massacre-4-arrested-in-deaths-of-rhoden-family-members,"MenuWAVERLY, Ohio -- It wasn't about drugs, Attorney General Mike DeWine announced Tuesday.It wasn't a cartel execution, although it had certainly been made to look that way.After a ""thousand-piece puzzle"" of an investigation spanning two years, 10 states and hundreds of interviews, investigators discovered the overnight murders of eight Rhoden family members -- the youngest just 16 -- likely came down to a custody battle over a toddler.The culprits, DeWine said, were the child's father and members of his extended family. According to their indictments, four of them plotted meticulously to kill the Rhodens on April 22, 2016, and conceal the evidence after. Two more face charges of aiding in the cover-up.""We always felt from the beginning that the perpetrators were very familiar with the victims and their homes,"" DeWine said. ""The Wagners certainly were.""Authorities arrested George ""Billy"" Wagner III, 47; Angela Wagner, 48; George Wagner IV, 27 and Edward ""Jake"" Wagner, 26 Tuesday and charged them each with eight counts of aggravated murder with death penalty specifications, as well as other crimes, for the deaths of the eight Rhodens in an event deemed thePike County massacre.""They were brutally and viciously executed,"" according to DeWine, who described the act as ""ruthless, heartless, cold-blooded murder.""Rita Newcomb, 65, Angela Wagner's mother; and 76-year-old Fredericka Wagner, Billy Wagner's mother, face charges of obstructing justice and perjury. Newcomb also stands charged with forgery.Top row: George ""Billy"" Wagner III, George Wagner IV, Edward ""Jake"" WagnerBottom row: Angela Wagner, Rita Newcomb and Fredericka WagnerA Pike County grand jury indicted the Wagners on the charges Monday. DeWine, Pike County Sheriff Charles Reader and Pike County Prosecutor Robert Junk announced the arrests Tuesday.For Reader, who had been sheriff for less than a year on the morning the bodies were discovered, they represent the end of one painful journey and the beginning of another that could last even longer.""It’s going to be much, much sweeter when the prosecution is done,"" he said.Jake Wagner and Hanna Rhoden, who was 19 when she was killed,had a child together.He also faces charges of unlawful sexual conduct with a minor for allegedly having sexual contact with Hanna when she was 15 and he was 20.""There certainly was obsession with custody, obsession with control of the children,"" DeWine said.Evidence shows that Billy, Angela, George and Jake Wagner developed an elaborate plan to kill the Rhodens, according to DeWine. He said they studied the victims' habits and routines and knew the layouts of their homes.The Wagners bought ammunition, a magazine clip, brass catchers and a bug detector to prepare for the crimes, according to the indictments. They also studied ""counter-surveillance devices"" on the properties, including pets, and tampered with phones; cameras; and parts of a home security system.In addition to the murder charges, members of the family are facing charges of conspiracy, engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity, tampering with evidence, unlawful possession of a dangerous ordinance, forgery, unauthorized use of property, interception of wire, oral or electronic communications, obstructing justice and aggravated burglary.DeWine said all four are also facing charges of forgery for allegedly forging child custody documents.The victims were foundshot to death at four homeson the morning of April 22, 2016. Officials have said they believe the shootings took place hours earlier.RELATED:Pike County massacre suspect was in custody dispute with victimAuthorities had long suspected there were multiple attackers who were familiar with the victims' homes and the surrounding area, about 70 miles south of Columbus.The victims are:All of the Pike County massacre victims were shot in the head at point-blank range, and seven of the eight were shot multiple times, according to preliminary autopsy reports viewed by the WCPO I-Team in September.One of the suspects was arrested in Lexington. A Lexington Police Department spokesperson said Lexington officers, with the Ohio Bureau of Criminal of Investigation, assisted in the arrest of George ""Billy"" Wagner III. WCPO news partner LEX18 recorded video of Billy Wagner's arrest:Despitewidespread reportsthat the Rhoden family had been involved in farming and trafficking marijuana, DeWine said he did not believe the drug trade had fomented the murders.""There was an undercurrent of drugs,"" he said,. ""There’s no evidence of the speculation that this was necessarily drug-related in the sense of the motive.""Reader became visibly upset when asked about the subject.""We were working an eight-person homicide, not a marijuana program, and I believe today as I did then that they deserve more respect because they are true victims of a heinous crime that’s never been seen before,"" he said. As for the marijuana: ""I would think that, after two years, we could get over that.""RELATED:Trailers where Rhoden family members were killed moved for a second timePike County Murder IndictmentsbyWCPO Web Teamon Scribd"
515,306,545501,"April 21, 2016",Maryland,Baltimore,4800 block of Frankford Avenue,0,4,http://foxbaltimore.com/news/local/police-quadruple-shooting-occurred-as-result-of-neighborhood-dispute,
516,307,543441,"April 19, 2016",Alabama,Blountsville,81551 US Highway 278,1,4,http://www.al.com/news/huntsville/index.ssf/2016/04/father_says_son_in_two-county.html#incart_river_home_pop,"Gallery: Randy Blackmon interviewRandy Blackmon sat on his son Daniel's front porch outside Guntersville with tears in his eyes Wednesday afternoon as he waited for the state to release his body.Daniel Eric Blackmon, 38, was being autopsied after he waskilled in a shootout with policeTuesday after shooting into random cars and wounding four people in Marshall and Blount counties.""He's just going around shooting,'' Blount County sheriff's Operations Officer Tim Kent told AL.com Tuesday. ""There's no rhyme or reason.""There was a reason, Randy Blackmon said. ""The bipolar (had) come to the top"" a few months earlier, he said referring to bipolar syndrome in his son's personality.He had been with Daniel the night before the shootings, Blackmon said. ""He calls me and says, 'Hey, Dad, there's demons here. Can you come help me?' I said, 'Sure.'""Both men lived on Blackmon Road, a gravel road 7 miles south of Guntersville, Ala. They worked together in the family trucking business hauling gravel, sand and whatever else building contractors needed across North Alabama.""We looked around, shining lights, and we couldn't find anything,"" Blackmon said of Monday night outside his son's house. ""He said, 'Dad, do you want me to show you the portal of Hell?'""""Yeah,"" Blackmon said. ""Whatever you want to do.""The two men drove to Gadsden, where Daniel said the portal was, and back while Daniel talked about the ""good demons"" and ""bad demons"" he'd been seeing. He'd go days without sleep sometimes, and sometimes he'd fall asleep from exhaustion.When they got home, Daniel turned all the lights on and opened the front door to feel safe. Randy Blackmon went to his own home down the lane. ""I came by (Tuesday) morning and the door was open,"" Blackmon said. ""I went on to work.""Blackmon's friends started calling his cell phone later in the day, but they wouldn't tell him what had happened. Then the Marshall County Sheriff's Office called and did tell him, he said.Blackmon said he tried to help his son every way he knew. The sheriff's office knew Daniel, too, he said, because he said they'd picked him up for a hearing when his father tried to have him hospitalized earlier in April. Instead, the ultimate decision was a 150-day program of outpatient therapy and medication.""He wasn't going to do that,"" Blackmon said of the meds. Later, Blackmon would say, ""They let us down. I was trying to get him some long-term care.""Blackmon said his son seemed OK until a few weeks ago, but admitted the younger man had mood swings for several years. He was never violent, Blackmon said, but you didn't know what he would say, how he would react.Blackmon's choice was, ""Do I say something or not?"" Something that might set him off?It was a long way, Blackmon said, from the mathematically gifted boy offered an engineering scholarship to the University of Alabama in Huntsville. Daniel Blackmon put college off for a year to earn some money driving trucks with his father. Then he told UAH ""to give the scholarship to someone else,"" his father said. ""He had found what he wanted to do.""Now Daniel Blackmon is dead, and police are saying he was also ""a person of interest"" in an April 10 fire that destroyed the nearby Cedar Grove Church of Christ. ""I'd say he didn't do it,"" Blackmon said Wednesday. ""If you ask anybody who knows him, they'd say no.""Blackmon said he's sorry for what his son did, and he's glad no one was killed. ""I'm sure all he saw was a demon in there,"" he said of the cars Daniel Blackmon fired at on the Alabama roads on Tuesday.(Updated at 7:32 p.m. to clarify the location of Blackmon's home)Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
517,308,544080,"April 19, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,2700 block of West 53rd Street,1,3,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160420/gage-park/teen-killed-3-others-wounded-gage-park-shooting-police,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.GAGE PARK — Four teenagers were shot, one fatally, while sitting in a parked van on the Southwest Side late Tuesday night, police and witnesses said.The teens were sitting in the 2700 block of West 53rd Street when someone pulled up alongside them in a red minivan and fired multiple shots at them, according to Officer Jose Estrada, a Chicago Police spokesman.Ruben Orozco, who lives on the block, said he was jolted awake by six gunshots in rapid succession, followed by the screeching of tires. He came outside and saw a teen lying still in the street alongside three others, who were ""screaming and crying.""Police said an 18-year-old man was shot in his upper chest and pronounced dead on the scene.The Cook County Medical Examiner's Office identified him as Jason Napoles, of the 2500 block of South Christiana Avenue.Another 18-year-old was brought to Mount Sinai Hospital after being shot in his back, Estrada said. Police could not provide his condition but said he was ""stable.""Two other men, 18 and 19, were taken Stroger Hospital, where they were both ""stable,"" Estrada said. The 18-year-old was shot in his back and the 19-year-old was shot in both arms and grazed in his head.Police said all four teens were ""self-admitted"" gang members, and Orozco said he'd seen all four of them walking around the area calling out gang slogans and flashing signs.After a quiet couple of years, Orozco said, the block has started to see a resurgence in crime. He installed a camera outside his home, advertising it with a sign saying ""Smile, you're on camera,"" but he said it's done little to deter troublemakers.""It's kind of a cycle, where some people will move in and cause all kinds of problems,"" said Orozco, who's lived on the block for 10 years. ""Then they'll get chased out, it'll be calm for a while, and then someone else will move right in and take their place.""""It gets me really upset,"" Orozco added. The quiet residential neighborhood had already been on edge; in February, neighbors were devastated whenan entire family was slain in their homeabout four blocks away from the shooting.In the face of such trauma, Orozo said, many neighbors feel that Ald. Ed Burke (14th), the powerful chairman of the City Council Finance Committee, has been missing in action.""We're all very upset with him right now,"" he said. ""He's downtown making all that money, and a lot of us really feel like he isn't tending to his ward.""Orozco tried four times to secure a meeting with the alderman, he said, and was turned down every time.Down the block, another woman shared Orozco's frustration.""He's such a big name, everybody knows Ed Burke,"" said the woman, who declined to say her name for fear of retribution. ""But what's he done for us? Nothing. He doesn't care about us.""Seeing the shooting unfold in real time right outside her home, she said, lit a fire under her advocacy for a larger police presence and a camera at the intersection of 53rd Street and Washtenaw Avenue.""I'm really scared now, because my husband works nights,"" she said. ""Something really needs to be done here, because it's getting worse. We fear for our lives over here.""No one is in custody, Estrada said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnNext inMidway, Chicago Lawn & AshburnCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
518,309,543132,"April 19, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,1400 block of West 84th Street,1,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160419/auburn-gresham/foreignlyfe-rap-video-filming-park-ends-with-shooting-one-man-dead,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.AUBURN GRESHAM — Damond Dawson and his friends wanted to grill in Foster Park on Sunday, but Dawson's cousin and former legal guardian, Tiffany Matthews, convinced the young men to revise their plans.Matthews told Dawson and his friends that it was too dangerous to be at the Auburn Gresham park, especially at night.""I said, 'You can't be over there' and he knew that,"" Matthews said. ""I told them they could barbeque here and they did.""But Dawson, 23, did eventually go to Foster Park, 1440 W. 84th St. He was there with friends in the early hours of Tuesday morning shooting a rap video when at 2:19 a.m. someone came up and fired shots at the group, police said.Dawson was shot in the back of the head and died at the scene, police said. Four others were shot as well, according to police.""Why they went over there, I'll never know,"" Matthews said of her cousin and his friends. ""Out of all people we never thought it would never happen to him.""Dawson, of the 1000 block of West 103rd Place, was at the park shooting a music video with a friend who reportedly goes by the rap alias Foreignlyfe.The rapper told reporters he heard ""my homie say, 'Somebody's pulling up.'""We turned around and looked back. Quick as we looked back they started shooting,"" he said.The incident may have been captured on video. Matthews said police told another one of Dawson's relatives that they had the video and were using it in their investigation.Matthews said she didn't know the man filming the video but did say she knew many of the other people at the scene. She said it is her belief that the attackers were aiming for the rapper, since it was known that his video was being filmed at the park.""I think he was involved,"" Matthews said of the rapper outside her Washington Heights home. ""[Dawson] was at the wrong place at the wrong time.""Dawson had plans to enroll at Olive Harvey to obtain his GED, Matthews said. When she last saw her cousin on Sunday, he was happy and talked about the job prospects he had lined up, Matthews said.""He was a fine young man,"" Matthews said as she cried. ""He had ups and downs, but that gang banging? He had nothing to do with that.""Matthews said she lost an older cousin to gun violence about 20 years ago. But she said the family knew of his lifestyle and weren't particularly surprised by the news.This time, the family has been blindsided by Dawson's shooting death as Matthews struggled to describe her grief.""That was totally different,"" she said. ""This is unexplainable.""Dawson was the only one from the shooting to die from his wounds, according to police.A 19-year-old woman was shot in her groin and was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in serious condition, Pacheco said.Three others were listed as ""stable"" at Advocate Christ Medical Center after the shooting: A 20-year-old man was shot in his leg and shoulder, a 25-year-old man had his left leg grazed by a bullet, and an 18-year-old man's back was grazed by a bullet, Pacheco said.The mass shooting has Auburn Gresham residents worried. Three squad cars remained at Foster Park into Tuesday afternoon.Lisa Lipscomb brought her two nieces and their two friends to the playground at Foster Park ON Tuesday afternoon. She said she heard about the shooting from her nieces' dad, who asked them to stay away from the park.But the girls were pleading with her to get out and run around, she said.""It's worrying,"" she said. ""Even though it's daylight and it's quiet, I know anything can happen. You start to look at every car.""For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
519,310,543244,"April 18, 2016",California,Long Beach,1200 block of E. 17th Street,1,3,http://abc7.com/news/father-shot-to-death-in-long-beach;-3-injured/1298450/,WATCHLIVEFather shot to death in Long Beach; 3 injured
520,311,541996,"April 17, 2016",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,600 block of Westmoreland Street,3,1,http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Man-Charged-With-Murdering-3-People-Shooting-Another-Inside-Kensington-Home-376088231.html,"A Philadelphia man is charged with murder after shooting three people to death and seriously injuring a fourth before barricading himself inside his Kensington home this weekend.James Elijah Dickson, 46, is charged with three counts of murder, one count of attempted murder and related offenses forthe shooting that happened early Sunday morning at his home along the 600 block of E. Westmoreland Street, police said.Dickson called 911 to confess to the killings just before 4 a.m. Sunday and told the police dispatcher he was armed with a shotgun and wouldn't come out until ""the sun comes up,"" police said.Breaking news and the stories that matter to your neighborhood.The Philadelphia Police SWAT unit was dispatched and eventually coaxed him out of his home around 5 a.m.Searching the home, police found the bodies of a woman and two men laying across the living room, dining room and kitchen, detectives said. All three were shot in the head.A fourth person, shot in the arm, was able to flee the house, police said. He was taken to Temple University Hospital in critical condition.The identities of two of those killed, the woman and one man, have yet to be released. Police identified the third deceased victim as 46-year-old Edwin Laboy.A motive for the shooting was not immediately known."
521,314,542259,"April 16, 2016",Michigan,Detroit,9500 block of Oakland,1,4,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2016/04/17/dead-hurt-shooting-detroits-east-side/83154880/,"A 27-year-old man is dead and four others, including a teenage girl struck while inside her home, were shot after an altercation resulted in gunfire on Detroit’s east side, police said Sunday.Police have a 23-year-old man in custody in the Saturday evening shooting and are looking for another man and the dark gray GMC Yukon the men are believed to have used, Detroit Police Officer Dan Donakowski said Sunday.The shooting took place just before 6 p.m. Saturday on the 9500 block of Oakland.Police say the two suspects got in an argument with a group of people, then pulled out guns and started shooting.The 27-year-old male was killed, while four others were hit none fatally, Donakowski said. Those victims are a 16-year-old girl, a 20-year-old man, a 48-year-old man, and a 26-year-old woman.The girl was not involved in the incident, Donakowski said. She was inside her home and was hit by a stray bullet.jdickson@detroitnews.com"
522,315,541987,"April 16, 2016",Florida,Orlando,1100 block of Conley Street,2,4,http://www.clickorlando.com/news/2-arrested-in-orlando-fatal-drive-by-shooting,"Local staffLocal staffORLANDO, Fla.– Orlando police arrested on Friday two men in the April drive-by shooting deaths in Parramore.Lavon Shinn and Christopher Miller, both 24 years old, were charged in the deaths of Gino Nicolas and Tanya Skeen.The shooting was reported on Conley Street April 16 and was sparked by a fight at a nightclub. Police said Skeen, a 46-year-old mother of three, was putting away groceries inside her apartment when a bullet flew threw her window and hit her.Nicolas, 24, worked as the coordinator of the City of Orlando's My Brother's Keeper program, helping to reach at-risk youth and connect them to opportunity and successful futures.The Orlando Police Department said at a news conference Friday that they hope the arrests bring justice to the families.""This case stood out because two truly innocent people were killed,"" said OPD Chief John Mina.Shinn and Miller face charges of first degree murder with a firearm, attempted first degree murder with a firearm, aggravated battery with a firearm, shooting from a vehicle, shooting into an occupied dwelling and criminal mischief.Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.If you need help with the Public File, call 407-291-6000."
523,318,537820,"April 10, 2016",California,Los Angeles,84th Street and Towne Avenue,0,4,http://abc7.com/news/4-shot-taken-to-hospital-in-south-los-angeles/1285147/,"WATCHLIVEFour men were taken to the hospital after being shot near 84th Street and Towne Avenue in South Los Angeles on Sunday, April 10, 2016."
524,320,539705,"April 9, 2016",Alabama,Anniston,West 15th Street and Crawford Avenue,0,4,http://www.al.com/news/anniston-gadsden/index.ssf/2016/04/4_wounded_at_anniston_motorcyc.html#incart_river_home,"Anniston police say four people were shot Saturday night during a motorcycle club event.According to a news release from Sgt. Shaun Firestone, the shooting happened about 9:15 p.m. during the Easy Riders Motorcycle Club's annual roll call, which took place at West 15th Street and Crawford Avenue.Shots rang out following an argument between people attending, as there was a ""large crowd,"" Firestone said.Four people were struck, but none of the injuries were life threatening, police said. Bullets also struck a car and a nearby house.""These cases are currently under investigation. Investigators are actively pursuing leads at this time,"" Firestone said.Police are asking anyone with information to contact investigators at (256) 240-4000.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
525,321,537085,"April 9, 2016",New Mexico,Albuquerque,2600 block of Mesa Drive SE,0,4,http://www.abqjournal.com/754320/news/four-in-critical-condition-after-se-abq-shooting-saturday-morning.html,"There may be an issue with the delivery of your newspaper. 
				This alert will expire atNaN.Click here for more info.Recover passwordRegisterSuccess! —Manage subscriptionsShare.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Blood and personal items remain in the front year of a house on the 2600 block of Mesa Drive SE after four people were shot and critically wounded early Saturday morning. (Marla Brose/Journal)When officers arrived at the house in the 2600 block of Mesa SE, they found one man who had been shot in the neck and several people, including three men who live at the house, still inside. One of the residents, Triston Whitmire, 19, was arrested Saturday and charged with four counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. He was booked into the county jail on a $60,000 bond.Triston Whitmire, 19. (MDC)According to a criminal complaint filed in Metropolitan Court, Whitmire said he and his two roommates were having a party at their home when a couple of people he knew from the neighborhood showed up uninvited and began allowing others into the house. He told police he saw that one was armed so he tried to shut down the party.But, Whitmire said, he also put his own gun in his pocket.ADVERTISEMENTSkipWhitmire said he locked several people outside, but the would-be partygoers started kicking the door to get back inside and broke a window.He stayed in the house but began firing at them, according to the complaint.“As soon as the glass was shattered, Triston removed his firearm and fired through the recently broken glass,” the officer wrote in the complaint. “Triston fired at least four rounds outside.”Whitmire didn’t know anyone had been hit until officers told him, according to the complaint.Officers were dispatched to the house, which police say has a history of loud parties and gunfire, around 2:20 a.m. to find a man who had been shot lying in the front yard. The 23-year-old had been shot in the neck and was taken to the hospital in critical condition, the complaint says.A short time later, three more men showed up at the University of New Mexico Hospital. An 18-year-old had several gunshot wounds to his abdomen, leg and pelvic area, a 21-year-old had been shot in the left leg, and a 22-year-old had been shot in the right leg, according to the complaint.The scene outside the home midmorning Saturday showed signs of the abandoned party and bloodshed.The front door of the home was open and what appeared to be a shirt and a shoulder bag were left covered in blood in the yard. Five pickup trucks were parked in the front yard, and several other cars lined the streets.Three trails of blood could be seen leading away from the house in various directions, and the yard and nearby streets were littered with empty beer bottles, cans and liquor bottles.Lisa Gray, who lives nearby, said she awoke between 1 and 2 a.m. to hear her neighbors throwing a party.Gray said she heard the gunshots and looked outside to see two or three men walking down the street toward the party house. She said she could see the muzzle flashes as one of them began firing off several rounds. She called 911.“This guy was walking down the middle of the street; he pulls out a gun and shot into the crowd of people,” Gray said. “I just closed the door and got down.”Officer Simon Drobik, a spokesman for the Albuquerque Police Department, said he didn’t know if police are looking for other suspects or if they believe Whitmire is the only one who injured people.Digital Editor Robert Browman contributed to this report.Copyright © 2021 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. | www.abqjournal.com$14/moSubscribeOther OffersAlready a subscriber? Sign In"
526,322,535927,"April 7, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,2200 block of East 70th Place,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160407/south-shore/party-bus-shooting-wounds-5-people-south-shore-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Five people were shot and wounded while getting off a party bus in South Shore early Thursday, police said.At 2:09 a.m., the group was getting off a party bus in the 2200 block of East 70th Place when someone on the street opened fire, said Officer Ana Pacheco, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.The driver told reporters outside of Jackson Park Hospital that there were about 30 people on the bus celebrating a man's birthday.The driver said he was outside the bus helping passengers off and then heard at least 30 shots.""As soon as the shots [were] fired, I went back into the bus. I turned around and a young lady was under the bus. She said she was shot,"" he said.""While they was still shooting, I picked her up and put her on the bus and drove off"" to Jackson Park Hospital, the driver said.He did not see who was shooting, said the driver, who declined to identify himself.Among the wounded are:• A 29-year-old man was shot in the right leg and taken to Northwestern Hospital.• A 22-year-old man was shot in the right hand and taken to Jackson Park Hospital.• A 22-year-old woman was shot in the right foot and taken to Jackson Park Hospital.• A 30-year-old man was shot in the right arm.• A 22-year-old man was shot in the chest and left leg and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital.The victims' conditions were not released, but they were all listed as stable, Pacheco said.No one was in custody.Next inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideNext inSouth Chicago & East SideCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
527,323,532604,"March 31, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Englewood),6800 block of South Throop,0,4,http://chicago.suntimes.com/news/four-men-injured-in-shooting-in-englewood/,"Filed under:Four men were injured in a drive-by shooting Thursday afternoon in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.They were all shot at 4:09 p.m. in the 6800 block of South Throop when someone in a passing vehicle opened fire, according to Chicago Police.A 43-year-old man was shot in the abdomen and was taken in serious condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, police said.Two 30-year-old men suffered gunshot wounds to the foot and were taken to St. Bernard Hospital, where they were both listed in good condition, police said.Another 30-year-old man was shot in the hand and leg, and took himself in fair condition to Holy Cross Hospital, police said.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring.Nassau County Executive Laura Curran tweeted around 3:15 p.m. Tuesday that Gabriel DeWitt Wilson was in police custody. Information on charges and a lawyer who could speak on Wilson’s behalf wasn’t immediately available.Rev. Carry had also been director of the Johnnie Colemon Institute, the church’s teaching arm. There, she became known by many as ""the teacher of teachers,"" since every student at the institute interacted with her at some point."
528,324,528614,"March 25, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,4500 block of West West End Avenue,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160325/garfield-park/at-least-three-wounded-west-side-shooting,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.CHICAGO — Four people were wounded in a West Side shooting on Friday, officials said.At 12:55 p.m., four people were shot in the 4500 block of West West End Avenue, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.A Chicago Fire Department spokesman said multiple ambulances responded to the shooting and took four people to the hospital. Two of the victims were in serious-to-critical condition, and two were in good condition, the spokesman said.They were taken to Mount Sinai and Stroger hospitals.Next inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
529,325,529488,"March 25, 2016",Colorado,Denver,8501 E. Alameda Avenue,0,4,http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/front-range/denver/4-people-shot-overnight-in-southeast-denver-police-investigating,"MenuAn argument inside an apartment which escalated into a shooting left four people injured in southeast Denver late Friday night.The shooting happened at the Lowry Park Apartments off East Alameda Avenue and South Fairmount Drive, near the Fairmount Cemetery at around 11:30 p.m.Two people were shot, but their injuries are non-life threatening. Two others may have been possibly grazed by bullets, according to Denver police. Some of the victims were found by police outside in a courtyard.Neighbors could hear the commotion.""I thought the initial shots I heard were on TV,"" said neighbor Stephen Boucher. ""There's just confusion when you hear that ... you don't really know where it's coming from or what's happening ... then you start hearing people yelling and all the cop cars.""It's unclear at this time if the shooting involved more than one suspect. Denver7 asked for a suspect description, but law enforcement was not able to provide one.This investigation is ongoing.---------Sign up for Denver7 email alertsto stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps foriPhone/iPads,AndroidandKindle.Or, keep up-to-date by following Denver7 onFacebook,InstagramandTwitter."
530,326,526380,"March 21, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,5700 block of West Washington Boulevard,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160322/austin/austin-shooting-wounds-4-boys-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.AUSTIN — Four boys between ages 12 and 16 were wounded in a shooting on the West Side Monday night, police said.Around 8:50 p.m., the boys were walking in the 5700 block of West Washington Boulevard when a man walked up and shot at them, according to Officer Jose Estrada, a Chicago Police spokesman.Two of the boys, 14 and 15, were taken to Stroger Hospital, Estrada said. The 14-year-old was shot in his abdomen and the 15-year-old was shot in his right leg.The other two boys, 12 and 16, were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital with gunshot wounds in their abdomens, Estrada said.Police could not provide their conditions but said they were ""stable.""No one is in custody, Estrada said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginNext inAustin & Belmont CraginCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
531,327,525464,"March 19, 2016",Florida,Plantation,12050 NW 4th Court,1,4,http://www.sun-sentinel.com/local/broward/plantation/fl-plantation-fatal-shooting-20160320-story.html,"PLANTATION — A Spring Break party in a house packed with 400 people ended in gunfire that killed one man and wounded four others.Plantation police on Sunday afternoon said Serge Pierre Dumas, 28, was found dead inside the five-bedroom, two-story house in the 12000 block of Northwest Fourth Court.Four other people, three women and one man, were taken to Broward Health Medical Center in Fort Lauderdale with gunshot wounds, according to a news release issued by Plantation police Sunday afternoon.Up to three officers were near the front of the house responding to neighbors' complaints about noise and parking when the shots were fired at 11:37 p.m. Saturday, police said.The unidentified shooter escaped.""The shooting was inside the house, and as soon as gunshots went off, people came pouring out of the house,"" said Detective Philip Toman. ""It was chaotic.""Toman said officers on the scene tried to get control of the situation, but some of the party guests were able to flee from the home at the end of a dead-end street in a semi-rural neighborhood.Dozens of others were ordered to line up, and according to guest Jalen Chapman, 17, ordered to put their hands in the air and marched east down the street toward Northwest 118th Avenue.Near that corner, police patted down some of those guests and asked for identification. Many were then taken to the Plantation Seventh-day Adventist Church less than a block away.""We didn't know who the shooter was,"" said Toman, ""and the officers were doing their best to pat people down, see that their hands were visible.""Plantation police, assisted by officers from the Sunrise Police Department, questioned hundreds of people but collected little information, Toman said. ""We still don't know who the shooter was,"" he said Sunday afternoon. ""We are looking for better witnesses. They are not giving us any information.""Davon Carter, 25, said he went to the party with Dumas. They were standing inside the house and had decided to go outside for air, he said. Carter said he was walking a few steps behind Dumas when ""five or six shots"" were fired.When he found Dumas, he was on the floor. ""I watched my best friend die,"" said Carter. He said there had been no fights or signs of trouble at the party. ""He was a random person,"" said Carter.""He was the greatest up-and-coming artist that the world will never see,"" said Aisha Balkich, 23, the mother of Dumas' 15-month-old son Darian. She said Dumas performed hip-hop under the name Illy-Illz.One of the guests held at the church for hours after the shooting was Jalen Chapman, 17, a junior at Flanagan High School. He said he and his girlfriend were standing in the house's back yard when he heard gunshots.""It was just crazy,"" Chapman said. ""Everybody was trying to get out at the same time.""Chapman and his girlfriend did make it out, but when he realized he had forgotten his cell phone, he returned to a scene that had grown even more chaotic, he said.After being questioned, he and many others were told they could leave but they could not take their cars, which were parked along Northwest Fourth Court and 118th Avenue.After several hours, some were permitted to leave in their vehicles, but others, including Chapman, called friends for rides and returned later Sunday to retrieve their cars.Chapman, along with another guest, Joshua Lewin, 18, said they found out about the party from postings on a social media. The affair was advertised as a Spring Break celebration, with a $5 cover charge for men, Lewin said.Students from several area high schools and colleges, as well as a few older people, packed the premises, including the house and a pool area in the back, guests said.Lewin, a student at Broward College, said he was in the crowded living room when he heard gunfire. Frightened, he and a friend ran upstairs and hid, he said.About 10 minutes later Lewis said he ran out the back door and into the yard, where he was told by police to get in line with his hands up.At the church, Lewis said he was asked questions such as, ""Did you see the gunman?"" and ""Why do you believe this happened?"" Lewin said he had no answers.Several guests said they didn't know who lived in the house.Toman said detectives interviewed a resident of the house, also its former owner. The house is now owned by Boss Group Ministries, according to Toman. Attempts to contact the company were unsuccessful Sunday.""We'll be digging into that,"" said Toman, ""but right now the focus is on catching the shooter.""Toman said he suspects that some party guests may have seen the shooting, or have knowledge of what happened. ""They are not very cooperative,"" he said. ""Not one person can tell us who shot that gun. But as far as far I am concerned, someone in that room knows who shooter is and they need to come forward.""Added Toman: ""In my 27 years of police work, I have never seen a case like this.""The wounded included Shamar Byfield, 21, of Pembroke Pines; Ashley Adamson, 16, of Miramar; and Sophia Hernandez, 18, of Hollywood, police said. Their conditions were not available Sunday night.Tahmya Phillips, 17, of Miramar, was hit in the legs and hip, according to her father, Army Command Sgt. Maj. Jeremy Burton.Burton, stationed at Fort Meade in Maryland, says he caught a red-eye flight to South Florida early Sunday after receiving a phone call just after midnight that his daughter, a senior at Somerset Academy High School in Pembroke Pines, had been shot.""My reaction? Shock,"" Burton said.He accompanied another daughter, Makayla Phillips, 19, to the scene Sunday afternoon to pick up their car before returning to Tahmya's side in the hospital.""The safety of my children is all I worry about,"" said Burton. ""She is stable, she will recover. I just have to put all my faith in God.""Police ask anyone with information to call Detective Toman at 954-797-2118 or Crime Stoppers at 954-493-8477.mwclary@tribune.com"
532,328,525301,"March 19, 2016",Alabama,Wetumpka,South Shelby Street,2,2,http://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2016/03/19/police-investigate-wetumpka-shooting/82024638/,"WETUMPKA – Two days after a drive-by shooting left two dead and two in critical condition, residents here are still coming to grips with what happened.Rico Thomas was walking Monday morning along Outhlacoochee Street near the South Shelby Street intersection where the shooting occurred.""Man, it's bad,"" said Thomas, who lives in the neighborhood with relatives. ""You don't expect bullets to be flying like that.""Marcus Edwards is in custody in connection to the shootings and warrants were being drawn up Monday morning, said C.J. Robinson, chief assistant district attorney.Killed in the shootings were Daryl Hunt and Deosha Jackson, said Wetumpka Police Chief Danny Billingsley.Roderick Jones and Jacoreian Jennings were critically injured, the chief said.Frances Carter had lunch with friends Monday at Hog Rock BBQ. The shootings were the subject of conversation at her table.""I don't know what this world is coming to,"" she said, shaking her head. ""Shooting in a neighborhood like that. I'd like to know what was going through his mind.""More information about the incident may come out this afternoon. Edwards is set to appear before Elmore County District Judge Glenn Goggans at 1:30 p.m.  It will be Edwards' first court appearance. Prosecutors are expected to discuss bond and Edwards will have the charges against him explained.The shootings took place at 3:30 p.m. Saturday.That matches with what a witness at the scene says happened.“It was a drive-by shooting,” said Minister Bruce Jackson on Saturday in a video interview with theMontgomery Advertiser. The shooting took place near his home at the intersection of Shelby and Outhlacoochee streets.“I didn’t know who the people was in the car because I was so quick going down myself to keep from getting shot,” said Jackson, as he was cleaning up at the scene.Photographer Mickey Welsh contributed to this report"
533,329,523044,"March 15, 2016",Georgia,Atlanta,Donald Lee Hollowell Drive,0,5,http://www.wsbtv.com/news/local/atlanta/police-5-shot-at-local-nightclub/162275216,"ATLANTA — Atlanta police are investigating a shootout at a nightclub that left five people injured.Police said the five victims were presumably innocent bystanders in a shooting outside Club Crucial.According to police, two groups were involved in an altercation inside the club located on Donald Lee Hollowell Drive in northwest Atlanta just after 12 a.m.Police said both groups were asked to leave, and then went outside to opposite sides of the parking lot.Shortly after, gunshots rang out, leaving four men and a woman shot. Police said the five victims are not believed to have been involved in the actual shooting.%%A second crime scene was located at the intersection of Peyton Ave Bellview Avenue. Police said a total of 64 casings with multiple calibers were recovered from both scenes. Five victims sustained gunshot wounds and were transported to Grady hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.“(I heard) like three to four different voices arguing. Then I heard two different female voices. Then it got quiet for a few seconds. Then is sounded like World War III,” Roman Kelly said.Kelly was parking cars in a lot next door to the club and said from the size of the bullet holes left in a car, and the sound, he thinks one of the guns may have been an automatic assault-style rifle.All of the victims were taken to Grady Memorial Hospital and are reportedly stable.The club has no known surveillance equipment and there are currently no cameras in the immediate area, police said."
534,330,522122,"March 13, 2016",Florida,Fort Myers,50 South Road,0,4,http://www.news-press.com/story/news/crime/2016/03/14/four-shot-brooks-park-fort-myers-over-weekend-lee/81785878/,"Four people survived a shooting at Brooks Park in Fort Myers on Sunday.Someone called 911 about 5:30 p.m. to report the shooting at the park just south of Page Field, according to a Lee County Sheriff's Office report.""Upon arrival, multiple victims with injuries were located withing the park,"" the report said.Paramedics took the four people to a hospital.The sheriff's office has not announced any arrest connected to the shooting.Video surfaces of Cape cop throwing woman to the groundNorth Fort Myers woman's false report backfiresMan arrested at RSW trying to bring drugs on board plane"
535,332,521074,"March 12, 2016",California,Oakland,Interstate 880,0,4,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2016/03/12/oakland-drive-by-shooting-party-bus-near-bay-bridge/,"OAKLAND (CBS/AP) — Gunmen fired shots into a moving party bus in West Oakland early Saturday, wounding four and leaving authorities stumped because passengers refused to cooperate with the investigation.The chartered executive limo bus was leaving San Francisco and had exited the Bay Bridge around 2:25 a.m. and was on the eastbound Interstate Highway 80 transition to southbound Interstate 880 when two gunmen in a red SUV drove alongside and opened fire, said California Highway Patrol Officer Daniel Hill.A fourth passenger sustained was hurt critically but was stable and is expected to survive. Three others had minor injuries.Interstate 880 was closed for roughly five hours as officers investigated.Passengers adamantly refused to give witness statements or provide descriptions of the shooters, authorities said.“In fact, they didn’t cooperate so much that one of our officers got assaulted and kicked by one of the victims,” Hill said.A female victim hit by a ricochet also got into an altercation with emergency medical personnel and forced her way out of an ambulance. She fled and her whereabouts are unknown.Investigators say the bus was occupied by couples but Hill could not provide an estimate of how many people were on the bus. He declined to release names and ages of the wounded.“I will say we don’t believe this is a random incident,” he said.The incident is the eighth freeway shooting in the East Bay since November. Officers have blamed the shootings on an escalating gang war in the Richmond area where six of the shootings have taken place.Freeways are appealing because there are fewer surveillance cameras and easy getaways.Hill said the CHP does not believe Saturday’s shootout is specifically related to the other freeway shootings.© Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed"
536,333,520767,"March 11, 2016",Michigan,Detroit,2600 block of Hazelwood,2,2,http://www.mlive.com/news/detroit/index.ssf/2016/03/medical_examiners_office_ident.html,"DETROIT, MI - The Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office has identified two people killed ina drive-by shooting Friday afternoon on Detroit's west side.John Smith, 64, died of a gunshot wound to the chest. Jamil Goodwin, 43, died of multiple wounds, county spokesman Lloyd Jackson wrote in an email Saturday, March 12. Both deaths have been deemed homicides.Smith and Goodwin were outside a house about 3:30 p.m. Friday in the 2600 block of Hazelwood Street, near Linwood Street, when shots were fired from a Dodge Journey SUV, Detroit Police Officer Jennifer Moreno earlier reported.Two other men, ages 63 and 43, suffered non-fatal injuries, police said. Smith was pronounced dead at the scene. Goodwin later died of his wounds.Three men were inside the passing vehicle, traveling residential streets in broad daylight. No immediate arrests had been made.Anyone with information was encouraged to call the homicide unit at 313-596-2260 or 1-800-SPEAKUP.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
537,334,520290,"March 11, 2016",New Jersey,Trenton,Oliver Avenue,0,5,http://www.trentonian.com/general-news/20160311/five-injured-in-early-morning-trenton-shooting,"File photo of a Trenton Police Cruiser.TRENTON >> City police are seeking suspects in a shooting that left five injured Friday morning.Two men, and three women were reportedly shot around 2:21 a.m. in the first block of Oliver Avenue outside of an apartment building.Trenton Police Lt. Stephen Varn said that before the shooting started there had been a verbal altercation among a group of females. Shortly thereafter, a dark colored vehicle came into the area and two men stepped out of the car, Varn said. One of the men was armed with a handgun, it was unclear what the other man’s role was exactly. It was at that point when people began to flee the area before numerous shots were fired.A 22-year-old female suffered a graze wound; a 44-year-old male suffered a gunshot wound to the chest; a 44-year-old female was shot in the leg; a 41-year-old male was struck in the back, and a 24-year-old female was struck in the shoulder. The victims were taken to Capital Health Regional Medical Center for treatment.Varn said that all of the victims are expected to survive their injuries. The Shooting Response Team is continuing the investigation."
538,335,519541,"March 9, 2016",Pennsylvania,Pittsburgh (Wilkinsburg),1304 Franklin Ave,6,2,https://www.post-gazette.com/news/crime-courts/2020/09/15/Wilkinsburg-mass-shooting-2016-survivor-John-Ellis-dies-complications/stories/202009150192,
539,336,518266,"March 8, 2016",Texas,San Antonio,Sherman St,2,3,http://homicides.expressnews.com/2016/,
540,337,517895,"March 7, 2016",Louisiana,Lafayette,800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive,0,4,http://theadvocate.com/news/acadiana/15115322-129/four-shot-while-walking-along-martin-luther-king-jr-drive-in-lafayette-monday-afternoon,"Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- The sign for a pedestrian cross walk reflects in a pool of cleaning solution along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Lafayette after four people were shot on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- The 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive is seen four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- Remnants of crime scene tape remain tied to a fence along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- A pedestrian cross walk is seen along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Lafayette after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- Remnants of crime scene tape remain tied to a fence along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- The sign for a pedestrian cross walk reflects in a pool of cleaning solution along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Lafayette after four people were shot on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- The 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive is seen four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- Remnants of crime scene tape remain tied to a fence along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- A pedestrian cross walk is seen along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Lafayette after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Advocate staff photo by BRAD BOWIE -- Remnants of crime scene tape remain tied to a fence along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive after four people were shot nearby on Monday afternoon.Four men were shot and injured Monday afternoon in Lafayette, according to the Lafayette Police Department.Three of the victims were transported to an area hospital with non-life threatening injuries and the fourth man refused medical attention, said Cpl. Paul Mouton, Lafayette Police Department spokesman.Responding officers determined several people inside a silver Ford F-150 pickup began shooting toward the victims as they walked along the 800 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive, Mouton said. The shooting happened about 1:20 p.m.Anyone with information about the crime or the shooters’ identities is asked to contact the Lafayette Police Department or the anonymous Crime Stoppers tip line at (337) 232-TIPS.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
541,338,518436,"March 7, 2016",Kansas,Kansas City,3000 block of South 36th Street,5,0,http://fox40.com/2016/03/09/suspect-in-5-killings-arrested-after-manhunt/#,"FOX40by:CNN Wire(CNN) — An interstate manhunt ended early Wednesday near New Florence, Missouri, when police arrested a suspect wanted in five killings.Pablo Antonio Serrano-Vitorino, 36, was charged with four counts of first-degree murder after a shooting early Tuesday in Kansas City, Kansas. Police also sought Serrano-Vitorino in the death of a fifth man in a separate shooting across the state border in Missouri.“Anytime you have an individual that’s possibly responsible for five homicides, that’s a very serious incident,” said Sgt. Scott White of the Missouri State Highway Patrol on Wednesday morning. “We’re glad that we’re able to take him into custody.”After the two shootings, police sought Serrano-Vitorino for hours, releasing his photo to the public and deploying helicopters and about 100 officers in the search. Authorities described him as “armed and dangerous” and possibly carrying an AK-47.Around 1 a.m. Wednesday, the Missouri State Highway Patrol received a call from a man who said the suspect pulled a gun on him.When officers arrived on the scene, they found Serrano-Vitorino lying facedown in a ditch, White said. He surrendered without incident.“He was exhausted,” Sgt. James Hedrick from the highway patrol told The Kansas City Star.A rifle was taken from him, White said.Police had sought Serrano-Vitorino after the first shooting in Kansas in which three men died at the scene and a fourth one at a hospital. The victims’ identities are being withheld pending notification to their families.It’s unclear what prompted the shootings. Serrano-Vitorino lived next door to the home where the killings took place, CNN affiliate KCTV-TV reported.Later Tuesday morning, Missouri police responded to a call about a shooting and found the body of Randy J. Nordman, 49, at his rural Montgomery County home. The officers found Serrano-Vitorino’s truck at the residence, said Lt. Paul Reinsch of the highway patrol.There was no indication vehicles or anything else was stolen from the home or nearby properties, he said.Serrano-Vitorino has had previous run-ins with other agencies.He was deported to Mexico in 2004. It’s unclear when he returned to the United States, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.By September 15, ICE became aware Serrano-Vitorino had returned to the country illegally after he was fingerprinted at the Overland Park Municipal Court in Kansas.But ICE mistakenly issued a detainer for him to the wrong sheriff’s office. As a result of the error, Serrano-Vitorino was not taken into custody then.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.Trademark and Copyright 2021Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.MONTERREY, Mexico (AP) — They travel thousands of miles by plane from Latin America to the U.S., in some places taking a shuttle directly from the airport to COVID-19 vaccine sites. Their ranks include politicians, TV personalities, business executives and a soccer team.People of means from Latin America are chartering planes, booking commercial flights, buying bus tickets and renting cars to get the vaccine in the United States due to lack of supply at home.MINNEAPOLIS (NewsNation Now) — A verdict has been reached in the trial of Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin, who is charged in the death of George Floyd.The verdict will be read in open court at 5 p.m. ET. NewsNation will live stream the coverage in the player above.For the latest, live coverage, click or tap here.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The jury reached a verdict Tuesday at the murder trial of former Officer Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd, the Black man who was pinned to the pavement with a knee on his neck in a case that set off a furious reexamination of racism and policing in the U.S."
542,339,517058,"March 6, 2016",Massachusetts,Chelsea,120 Washington Avenue,1,6,http://www.necn.com/news/new-england/Teen-Charged-in-Shooting-That-Killed-1-Injured-6-Court-371367231.html,"A 16-year-old boy arrested on a murder charge in connection with a weekend shooting that killed a man and left six other people injured by gunfire in the Boston suburbs, faced a judge Tuesday.The suspect, identified as Emanuel Marrero in court, was ordered to be held without bail in the Chelsea shooting that killed killed 19-year-old Pablo Villeda.Marrero, who's from Lynn, faces a slew of charges including murder and armed assault with intent to murder. He's being charged as an adult.Police say the shooting happened early Sunday during a party in a vacant apartment. Seven other people were taken to the hospital with injuries not considered life-threatening. One of them had injuries unrelated to the gunfire.The surviving shooting victims are three females, ages 15, 17 and 18, and three males, ages 15, 18 and 22.The latest news from around the stateMarrero's next court date is April 8. He's being represented by Jonathan Sharpiro."
543,341,517073,"March 6, 2016",California,Compton,900 block of West Victoria Street,1,8,http://ktla.com/2016/03/06/1-dead-10-injured-after-shooting-in-compton-sheriffs-department/#,"KTLAby:Tracy BloomAuthorities responded to a multi-victim shooting in Compton on March 6, 2016. (Credit: OnScene TV)One man was killed and ten others were wounded in a shooting that took place at party in a Compton warehouse early Sunday morning, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department.The deadly incident occurred in the 900 block of West Victoria Street just before 1:45 a.m., sheriff’s officials said in a news release.Sgt. Connor of the department’s Compton Station confirmed the shooting was a gang-related incident. He said the involved parties were shooting at each other, and it was not known whether any bystanders were hit by the gunfire.One man was rushed to an area hospital where he was later pronounced dead, the release stated. His identity has not yet been released.Ten other people were injured and transported for treatment, including eight who had sustained gunshot wounds. Their conditions were not immediately known, according to authorities.It was unclear what led up to the shooting. The Sheriff’s Department has not stated whether anyone was taken into custody, or where any shooters were outstanding.Homicide detectives were at the scene investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident. No further details were immediately available.Anyone with information was urged to call the department’s Homicide Bureau at 323-890-5500.Those who would prefer to remain anonymous have been asked to call Crime Stoppers by dialing 800-222-8477, texting the letters TIPLA plus a tip to 274637, or by going to the website http://lacrimestoppers.org.KTLA’s Geoff Peters contributed to this story.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.The Los Angeles Police Department has issued an immediate moratorium on the use of certain projectile weapons at protests after city attorneys interpreted a federal court order as precluding their use under current policies, LAPD Chief Michel Moore said Tuesday.The restrictions apply only to public demonstrations or other crowd control settings. Other projectiles, including bean bags and other hard-foam rounds, will remain in use.Look for mostly sunny skies with temperatures returning to about average for most of Southern California Tuesday.Some wind advisories remain in place for the high desert areas until Tuesday evening.Actor Sean Penn’s nonprofit, which has been central to operating vaccination and testing sites in Los Angeles, has launched an awareness campaign aimed at increasing inoculations in communities of color hit hardest by the COVID-19 pandemic.CORE’s initiative, called It’s Time Los Angeles, arrives amid continued calls to prioritize equity in the vaccine rollout even as data show that Black and brown communities continue to lag behind in access."
544,342,516758,"March 5, 2016",Kansas,Wichita,116 North Mead,0,4,http://www.kake.com/home/headlines/Police-investigate-shooting-in-Old-Town-371143871.html,
545,343,516341,"March 4, 2016",Ohio,Columbus,900 E 5th Ave,1,3,http://www.dispatch.com/news/20170726/jury-convicts-man-in-gang-shooting-that-killed-7-year-old--boy,"A 19-year-old man was convicted Wednesday of a gang-related shooting that killed a 7-year-old boy and injured his two younger siblings last year as they sat in a parked car outside a Near East Side convenience store.A Franklin County jury found Marctarius Grace guilty of one count of aggravated murder, three counts of attempted murder, three counts of felonious assault and one count of participating in a criminal gang, as well as multiple gun and gang specifications.He could be sent to prison for life with no chance of parole when he is sentenced by Common Pleas Judge Michael J. Holbrook on Sept. 11.De'Ontae Fisher was less than a month shy of his 8th birthday when one of the shots fired into the car struck him in the head on March 4, 2016, outside the Express Market, 900 E. Fifth Ave. Another bullet grazed the leg of his 5-year-old brother, and a piece of flying glass penetrated the arm of his 4-year-old sister. A fourth passenger, 19-year-old Rayquan Holloway, was shot in the buttocks.""We're just glad justice was served for De'Ontae"" and the other victims, Tammie Maxwell, the children's maternal grandmother, said after the verdicts were announced. ""We're going to make sure the surviving children have the best life possible and that they don't forget their brother.""She wiped away tears while remembering De'Ontae as a handsome boy who loved Spiderman and was ""a wonderful artist."" His brother and sister are in counseling, she said, and are ""doing as well as can be expected. They're doing wonderful in school, honor roll students ... They just miss their brother.""Grace, who did not testify during the trial, didn't react to the verdicts, but smirked as he watched the judge poll each juror to confirm the unanimous decision.All of the victims were in a car driven to the store by the children's mother, Judith Huntley. She and another adult passenger were inside the store when at least 11 shots were fired at the car.Although Grace's apparent target was Holloway, a legal doctrine known as transferred intent meant his intent to kill extended to anyone else who was struck. Thus, he was convicted of aggravated murder in De'Ontae's death and attempted murder and felonious assault for each of the wounded.Assistant Prosecutors Elizabeth Geraghty and Jason Manning presented evidence to establish that Grace got out of a white Nissan Murano that had been circling the store and fired into Huntley's Chevrolet Impala as part of a dispute with a rival gang. Testimony indicated that Grace was a member of the Trevitt & Atcheson Crips and was after two adults who were members of the Milo-Grogan Bloods.Two prosecution witnesses identified Grace as the shooter. One was an eyewitness who knew Grace by his nickname, ""Pan."" The other was a fellow gang member who said he heard Grace boasting about the shooting and how he ""tore up"" the Impala.Prosecutors also presented recordings of jail phone calls in which Grace both denied and seemingly admitted to the crime, saying it was in retaliation for the fatal shooting of a friend's sister.""This was an ambush,"" Geraghty told jurors Tuesday in her closing argument.Defense attorney Karen Phipps argued that no physical evidence linked Grace to the crime and that the two witnesses who identified him weren't to be believed. The eyewitness didn't have a good view of the shooter, she said, and the fellow gang member admitted that he hoped his testimony would help him get a more lenient sentence in a federal case pending against him.Grace's name was one of two that were given to police at the scene, but ""once (investigators) narrowed in on Grace, that's all they cared about,"" Phipps said. ""This wasn't a complete investigation.""Testimony indicated that the other person named was cleared after a Facebook post showed that he was in Portsmouth at the time of the shooting.The jury deliberated for several hours Tuesday afternoon before going home for the evening. One of the jurors had to leave on a trip at that point and was replaced with an alternate on Wednesday morning. The panel reached a verdict about 90 minutes after starting deliberations over with the new member.jfutty@dispatch.com@johnfuttyA 19-year-old man was convicted Wednesday of a gang-related shooting that killed a 7-year-old boy and injured his two younger siblings last year as they sat in a parked car outside a Near East Side convenience store.A Franklin County jury found Marctarius Grace guilty of one count of aggravated murder, three counts of attempted murder, three counts of felonious assault and one count of participating in a criminal gang, as well as multiple gun and gang specifications.He could be sent to prison for life with no chance of parole when he is sentenced by Common Pleas Judge Michael J. Holbrook on Sept. 11.De'Ontae Fisher was less than a month shy of his 8th birthday when one of the shots fired into the car struck him in the head on March 4, 2016, outside the Express Market, 900 E. Fifth Ave. Another bullet grazed the leg of his 5-year-old brother, and a piece of flying glass penetrated the arm of his 4-year-old sister. A fourth passenger, 19-year-old Rayquan Holloway, was shot in the buttocks.""We're just glad justice was served for De'Ontae"" and the other victims, Tammie Maxwell, the children's maternal grandmother, said after the verdicts were announced. ""We're going to make sure the surviving children have the best life possible and that they don't forget their brother.""She wiped away tears while remembering De'Ontae as a handsome boy who loved Spiderman and was ""a wonderful artist."" His brother and sister are in counseling, she said, and are ""doing as well as can be expected. They're doing wonderful in school, honor roll students ... They just miss their brother.""Grace, who did not testify during the trial, didn't react to the verdicts, but smirked as he watched the judge poll each juror to confirm the unanimous decision.All of the victims were in a car driven to the store by the children's mother, Judith Huntley. She and another adult passenger were inside the store when at least 11 shots were fired at the car.Although Grace's apparent target was Holloway, a legal doctrine known as transferred intent meant his intent to kill extended to anyone else who was struck. Thus, he was convicted of aggravated murder in De'Ontae's death and attempted murder and felonious assault for each of the wounded.Assistant Prosecutors Elizabeth Geraghty and Jason Manning presented evidence to establish that Grace got out of a white Nissan Murano that had been circling the store and fired into Huntley's Chevrolet Impala as part of a dispute with a rival gang. Testimony indicated that Grace was a member of the Trevitt & Atcheson Crips and was after two adults who were members of the Milo-Grogan Bloods.Two prosecution witnesses identified Grace as the shooter. One was an eyewitness who knew Grace by his nickname, ""Pan."" The other was a fellow gang member who said he heard Grace boasting about the shooting and how he ""tore up"" the Impala.Prosecutors also presented recordings of jail phone calls in which Grace both denied and seemingly admitted to the crime, saying it was in retaliation for the fatal shooting of a friend's sister.""This was an ambush,"" Geraghty told jurors Tuesday in her closing argument.Defense attorney Karen Phipps argued that no physical evidence linked Grace to the crime and that the two witnesses who identified him weren't to be believed. The eyewitness didn't have a good view of the shooter, she said, and the fellow gang member admitted that he hoped his testimony would help him get a more lenient sentence in a federal case pending against him.Grace's name was one of two that were given to police at the scene, but ""once (investigators) narrowed in on Grace, that's all they cared about,"" Phipps said. ""This wasn't a complete investigation.""Testimony indicated that the other person named was cleared after a Facebook post showed that he was in Portsmouth at the time of the shooting.The jury deliberated for several hours Tuesday afternoon before going home for the evening. One of the jurors had to leave on a trip at that point and was replaced with an alternate on Wednesday morning. The panel reached a verdict about 90 minutes after starting deliberations over with the new member.jfutty@dispatch.com@johnfutty© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.The Columbus Dispatch  ~ 62 E. Broad St. Columbus OH 43215~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
546,344,513549,"February 28, 2016",Michigan,Detroit,8800 block of Livernois,0,5,http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2016/02/29/five-shot-woman-detroit-strip-club/81098922/,"Detroit police have released video and pictures of a man they say opened fire Sunday night outside a west side nightclub, striking five people.The video released Wednesday shows the suspect, whom investigators have described as a patron, firing shots into the crowd then fleeing from the scene in a white or gray Chevrolet Astro minivan.Police have said an argument between the patron and a 37-year-old female employee of the Penthouse Lounge, on the 8800 block of Livernois near Joy Road, started inside the club then spilled out onto the street. The man then pulled out a gun and started shooting about 11:30 p.m.The woman was grazed by a bullet and refused medical treatment on the scene. Four men who were hit — one 29 years old, another 52, two others 37 — were transported to a local hospital. None suffered life-threatening injuries, police said Wednesday.It was unclear if the men shot were club patrons or employees.Meanwhile, police are continuing to seek the suspect. He is described as African-American, 25-28 years old, 6 feet tall, weighing around 240 pounds, with a medium complexion, short Afro and scraggly beard. The man was last seen wearing all black.Detroit police are asking anyone with information on the shooting to call (313) 596-5240. Those preferring anonymity can call in a tip to Crime Stoppers of Michigan at 1-800-SPEAK-UP or use the DPD Connect app.Staff Writer Mark Hicks contributed."
547,346,512880,"February 27, 2016",Virginia,Woodbridge (Lake Ridge),13051 Lashmere Ct,2,2,https://www.stripes.com/news/us/soldier-convicted-of-capital-murder-in-killings-of-wife-rookie-police-officer-1.549287,"Suspect Ronald Hamilton.PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY POLICEBy IAN SHAPIRA | The Washington Post | Published: September 26, 2018Staff Sgt. Ronald ""Ronnie"" Hamilton, a Pentagon IT specialist who shot and killed his wife and a newly sworn-in police officer, was found guilty Wednesday by a Prince William County jury of capital murder, making him eligible for the death penalty.Jurors will next decide whether Hamilton, 34, should be sentenced to life in prison or become the fourth person on Virginia's death row.Hamilton's crimes came during a 2016 domestic dispute with his wife at their Woodbridge home. The slain Prince William police officer, Ashley Guindon, 29, was among the officers who responded to a 911 call at the house.During the two-week trial, prosecutors depicted Hamilton as an adulterer and jealous husband who grew increasingly irate at his wife Crystal Hamilton, 29, a recovery care coordinator for wounded Marines. On Feb. 27, 2016, the couple started fighting after Crystal Hamilton said she was going out with girlfriends to a male entertainment club. Their then 11-year-old son Tyriq had just arrived home from a sleepover and began watching his parents argue.As the quarrel grew more intense, Hamilton threw his wife against a wall of her bedroom—their marriage had disintegrated so much that they had been sleeping in separate quarters. Crystal Hamilton called 911. Then, Tyriq heard three gunshots and his mom's screams go silent.As the boy fled the house, police arrived. Hamilton emerged at the doorway and fatally shot Guindon, a former Marine reservist who was deployed on her first weekend shift. Hamilton also shot and wounded two other cops, Jesse Hempen and David McKeown, both in their 30s. Guindon was shot in the back, Hempen in the leg, and McKeown in the chest, leg and groin. Prosecutors said it was lucky the other two officers survived. Eventually, Hamilton came out of his house peacefully and officers took him into custody.During opening statements, Ed Ungvarsky, one of Hamilton's attorneys said his client did not mean to kill any police officers and that he wasn't even aiming his weapon when he shot at them. As soon as he was arrested, Ungvarsky said, Hamilton started bawling and asking about whether the officers survived.Hamilton, who did not testify, has always acknowledged he was the shooter. Shortly after he was arrested, he told authorities that he'd deployed to Iraq twice and suffered post-traumatic stress disorder.During closing arguments, Ungvarsky, his attorney, asked jurors to convict Hamilton on any charge that's not capital murder to avoid the death penalty, according to the Associated Press. He said Hamilton did not kill Guindon or his wife with pre-meditation.Hamilton grew up in South Carolina and his father, also named Ronald Hamilton, was second-in-command for many years in the Charleston, South Carolina, police force before his retirement in 2001.article continues below"
548,348,511436,"February 25, 2016",Kansas,Hesston,200 S Ridge Rd,4,14,http://ksn.com/2016/02/25/officials-four-dead-14-wounded-in-shooting-at-excel-industries-in-hesston/,"KSN-TVby:Kevin WhiteHESSTON, Kansas – Law enforcement officers responded to the scene of a workplace shooting at Excel Industries in Hesston Thursday afternoon with reports of multiple fatalities and people wounded.  The incident began about 4:40 p.m.Harvey County Sheriff T. Walton confirmed at a 9 p.m. news conference that four people were dead, including the shooter identified Friday as Cedric Ford, and 14 others were wounded. Ford was an Excel employee.VIDEO |Harvey County Sheriff 9 p.m. press conferenceOfficials say area hospitals received 12 victims. Six victims were transported to Via Christi Hospital.  Two victims are in critical condition and four victims are stable. Four victims were transported to Wesley Hospital. Officials say three are critical and one is in surgery.  Newton Medical Center received four patients.  All are in stable condition.PHOTOS |Shooting at Excel Industries in HesstonSheriff T. Walton said the shooting started in Newton at 12th and Meridian.  Two people were shot while driving their vehicles. One person was hurt.  The other person wasn’t.  Walton says the shooter continued north on Highway 81 where he shot another person in the leg after stealing a vehicle.“There was a report of a stolen vehicle. That vehicle was the person that got shot. The shooter went on into Excel Industries. Once he got to Excel Industries, he shot a person in the parking lot, and he entered into the building itself,” said Sheriff T. Walton. “Inside the building he shot a total of 15 people. Four were killed including himself, the shooter.”Walton said about 150 people were likely in the plant at the time of the shooting, and that the law enforcement officer who killed the suspect “saved multiple, multiple lives.” He said the gunman had an assault weapon and a pistol.The officer who killed the man is “a hero as far as I’m concerned,” Walton said.The incident lasted approximately 26 minutes from start to finish. Walton said the FBI and the Kansas Bureau of Investigation had been called in to assist.“We have a team of KBI coming in. I have the FBI coming in. We’ve got all the local law enforcement here, and this will take some time to work through this,” said Walton.After the incident, Walton said officers had identified a house where the suspect lived.  He said when officers attempted to enter the residence to conduct a search they were turned away.After a delay in securing a warrant to search the residence, officers discovered after 10 p.m. the residence the person who had turned them away apparently had left.  Officers then entered the residence to conduct their search.Officials are now working to identify all victims and notify their families.“We want to get the people who are so concerned that their loved ones have been shot or hurt. We want to get everybody identified, and we’re working on that. We’ll get that information out as soon as we can. I understand how hard it is for everybody else,” added Walton. “This is just a horrible incident. … There’s going to be a lot of sad people before this is all over.”Hesston is a community of about 3,700 residents about 35 miles north of Wichita. Excel Industries was founded in Hesston in 1960. The company manufactures Hustler and Big Dog mowing equipment and was awarded the Governor’s Exporter of the Year award in 2013 from the Kansas Department of Commerce.RELATED LINK |Eyewitness accounts of shooting at Excel IndustriesWe was, we were out back unloading pallets we heard a pop, pop and we thought it was metal falling on the ground.  Then the doors opened, people started screaming, coming out. Saying go to the front, go to the front, and then everyone turned around saying no he’s out front and everyone started going to the back right over here. Then me my boss and the other employee we work with was just standing back there. We really just didn’t know what was going on, and then everyone said there were gun shots and a shooter. We just kept hearing pop, pop, pop, and then this gentleman, I guess his name is Adam got shot.. I walked over and tried to help him as much as I could. He got shot twice in the chest, once in the arm, once in the leg. And I was just trying to help out the best I can. I mean I don’t even work for Excel/ I work for a different gentleman. We come up to Excel to pick up pallets and what not. I just wanted to help out the best I could and do what I could for him.”-Dylan, EyewitnessWhen I made it to the back parking lot, got to my truck and I was just panicking, crying, shaking, trying to get out of there because I didn’t know if he was going to come after me, or if there was more than one or what. I didn’t know. I didn’t know anything.”-Donna, EyewitnessI’ve seen a bunch of people running. They were yelling fire and we just took off running. Everybody was coming outside. There were gunshots, and this one guy got shot in the leg and he was walking. One of the Apexes got shot four times. Four other people I know got shot. It’s horrible. I had no idea what to do. We were hopping fences. Everybody was running, screaming. People were crying. We just didn’t know what to do. They started off by saying fire. We heard the gunshots and it wasn’t a fire.”-Jordan, EyewitnessPHOTO GALLERYMAP OF MULTIPLE CRIME SCENESCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd's arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd's neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can't breathe” multiple times before going limp. He's pronounced dead at a hospital.WICHITA, Kan. (KSNW) -- The Wichita Police Department says a man was badly injured eight days ago during a large fight in the Old Town area.Police say they were dispatched to a large disturbance at a business in the 100 block of N. Mosley just before 2 a.m. Monday, April 12.SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. (KRON) -- Apple on Tuesday debuted a new product for people who are prone to losing items, as well as a new, work-from-home-friendly iMac. There's also something new for podcast fans and upgrades to the iPad Pro, Apple TV and iPhone 12.Here's what was revealed during the April 20 Apple event:"
549,349,509897,"February 23, 2016",Arizona,Glendale,4812 West Sunnyside Ave,5,0,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3460182/Authorities-Shooting-reported-Phoenix-home-fire.html,"ByAssociated PressandJessica Chia For Dailymail.comPublished:20:36 EDT, 23 February 2016|Updated:17:57 EDT, 24 February 201658ViewcommentsGunman: Alex Buckner, 26, shot four of his family members before setting their Phoenix, Arizona home on fire before being killed by policeThis is the 26-year-old man who shot four of his family members and set their Phoenix, Arizona house on fire before he was killed by the police.Gunman Alex Arthur Buckner, pictured in an unrelated mugshot from Owasso police department in Oklahoma, then shot at authorities when they arrived at the blazing house and ran inside with breathing gear and fire hoses.Father Vic Buckner, 50, mother Kimberly Buckner, 49, died at the scene.The couple's two daughters, 18-year-old Kaitlin Buckner, and six-year-old Emma, were both rescued but later died in the hospital from gunshot wounds, police said.A tactical team stormed in after the gunfire died down and fatally shot Alex Arthur, police said.Kaitlin Buckner called 911 shortly before 5am, pleading for help and saying that her brother had shot her, Crump said, according toKTVK.The first officers on scene ran into the burning house because they felt they had to act quickly.'You have people that need you to come and rescue them, and you now have not only a fire, but somebody who's also firing a gun in there,' the police sergeant said.Officers searched for the rest of the victims, but they had to leave because the fire reignited in the attic, sending flames through a ceiling.Family members told investigators that Alex Buckner, who lived in the home, had been in rehab for drug abuse, but the shooting was out of character for him.Scroll down for videoOfficers searched for the rest of the victims, but they had to leave because the fire reignited in the attic, sending flames through a ceilingHappy family: Kaitlin Buckner (front), 18, poses for a selfie alongside his six-year-old sister Emma, just behind her, her mother Kimberly and her dad Vic. Police believe Alex Buckner used their father's gunQuick-thinking: Kaitlin Buckner, 18, pictured, called 911 shortly before 5am on Tuesday, saying her brother had shot her; the first officers on the scene ran into the house because they felt they had to act quicklyGunman Alex Arthur Buckner shot at at authorities, who arrived at the blazing house and ran inside with breathing gear and fire hoses (pictured Kimberly and Kaitlin Buckner)Police believe Alex used a gun belonging to his father, who ran a car lubrication business out of their home. Vic Buckner, 50, (pictured) died at the scene with Kimberly Buckner, 49,  along with their three childrenPolice believe Alex used a gun belonging to his father, who ran a car lubrication business out of their home.Authorities found the other victims after the fire was extinguished. They all suffered gunshot wounds, but a medical examiner will determine their causes of death, authorities said.Investigators will continue gathering evidence at the house, Crump said.The police have no record of ever having been called to the house before.Next-door neighbor James Graham said the family had lived in the home for about two years, and previously lived in Oklahoma. He said he chatted with them occasionally but they never mentioned any problems.Sammie Evans, who lives across the street, said Emma Buckner was learning how to write and would show Evans notes she had written. They would chat a bit before the girl went back to her house.'I used to call her Miss America. She was so sweet,' Evans said.Alex Arthur Buckner, 26, shot four of his family members before he set their Phoenix, Arizona, house on fireA tactical team stormed the house 45 minutes later after the gunfire died down, and fatally shot the gunmanFamily members told investigators that Alex Buckner, who lived in the home, had received treatment in Oklahoma for drug abuse, but the shooting was out of character for himRelatives toldABC15that Alex Buckner had a history of mental health problems, believing that he may have been diagnosed with schizophrenia.Police in Owasso, Oklahoma, where the family had ties, toldNewson6that Buckner had been arrested for public intoxication and shoplifting in the city.'How does a family talk about a grandson who had mental problems, yet not be angry for the grief that he caused?', asked Diana Buckner, Alex's grandmother.Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton was at the scene after crews tamped down the fire and praised the police and firefighters for their courage.He said: 'This is what heroes look like. Their professionalism and their heroism under the worst possible conditions has truly blown me away.'The chaos woke up residents in surrounding houses, forcing some to evacuate just before dawn.Yolanda Strayhand, who lives behind the burned home, said her elderly mother woke her up after hearing gunfire.Strayhand went outside and said her front yard looked like a movie scene, with lights and noise from several fire engines, SWAT officers and a helicopter.She said: 'We were approached by a lady firefighter who said: ""There's a live shooter.""'She got a glimpse of the back of the home engulfed in flames.'Every room on the top floor was lit, and they were pointing guns toward the basement,' she said.An officer came by and told her to leave. Strayhand gathered clothes, medications and her mother's walker, and they both evacuated the scene.Three officers were treated for smoke inhalation.Sammie Evans, who lives across the street, said Emma Buckner was learning how to write and would show Evans notes she had written. Pictured, a police officer at the scenePhoenix Mayor Greg Stanton (pictured, center) called it an 'unspeakable violence' but praised police (right) and firefighters for their courage. He said: 'This is what heroes look like'A neighbor said her front yard looked like a movie scene, with lights and noise from several fire engines, SWAT officers and a helicopter (pictured, officers investigating the scene)Published by Associated Newspapers LtdPart of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group"
550,350,510769,"February 23, 2016",Florida,Daytona Beach,1042 Sheridan Road,0,4,http://www.news-journalonline.com/article/20160224/NEWS/160229720/101040?Title=3-teen-girls-1-man-shot-in-retaliatory-drive-by-shooting-police-said,"© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Daytona Beach News-Journal Online  ~ 901 6th Street, Daytona Beach, FL 32117~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Cookie Policy~Do Not Sell My Personal Information~Privacy Policy~Terms Of Service~Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery."
551,352,508879,"February 21, 2016",Missouri,Hazelwood,7217 N Lindbergh Blvd,1,3,http://www.kmov.com/story/31327051/2-in-custody-after-woman-killed-in-drive-by-shooting-sunday,"Tony Bailey, 21, Jerrod Corley, 24, and Leroy Coleman, 20, are accused of killing Emma Wallace, 37, in a drive by shooting on I-270 in Hazelwood. Credit: Hazelwood PDJohn Howard Stith, 20, is facing first-degree murder charges in connection to deadly shooting along I-270Tony Bailey, 21, Jerrod Corley, 24, and Leroy Coleman, 20, are accused of killing Emma Wallace, 37, in a drive by shooting on I-270 in Hazelwood. Credit: Hazelwood PDJohn Howard Stith, 20, is facing first-degree murder charges in connection to deadly shooting along I-270HAZELWOOD, Mo. (KMOV.com) – A fourth man is facing charges in connection to adeadly shooting that took place along Interstate 270 in HazelwoodSunday, February 21.John Howard Stith, 20, joins Tony Bailey, 21, Jerrod Corley, 24, and Leroy Coleman, 20, who were arrested and charged Friday, five days after Emma Wallace, 37, was shot and killed near North Lindbergh Boulevard. They face charges of first-degree murder, unlawful use of a weapon and multiple counts of assault and armed criminal action.Wallace was inside a vehicle with three other people when the drive-by shooting happened around 2 a.m. Sunday. She had just been with friends at Jay's Classic Bar and on north Lindbergh before the shooting.Police believe the shooting stemmed from a long running personal dispute.""A confrontation, a disagreement. Something that was spurred from an event that happened between two people within the last year,"" said Hazelwood Police Chief Greg Hall.Two other victims, a man and woman, were listed in serious condition, and another man was released from the hospital after the shooting.Authorities believe Colemancarjacked a woman and three childrenon the Schnucks parking lot in Central West End only a few days before the shooting.Two of the suspects are cooperating with officers, police said.Copyright 2016 KMOV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved"
552,355,508356,"February 20, 2016",Alabama,Bessemer,200 block of Elm Street,1,3,http://www.wbrc.com/story/31315498/man-charged-with-murder-attempted-murder-after-argument-over-marijuana,"JEFFERSON COUNTY, AL (WBRC) - A man is charged with murder and the attempted murder of another man following ashooting over drugs near Bessemer.The shooting happened on Feb. 20 in the 200 block ofElm StreetSouthwest.Mario Desmond, 28, is charged with the shooting death of 37-year-old William Lewis.Jefferson County Sheriff's investigators say several men were in a vacant lot drinking and smoking marijuana when an argument happened because of of the men would not return the marijuana to the owner.Four men ranging in age from 28-45 were hit by bullets.Desmond pulled a gun on Lewis, then Lewis pulled his own gun and the two started shooting at each other, according to sheriff's deputies.Lewis was hit and died at the hospital. Desmond was also hit, but only sustained a minor injury.Desmond is in the Jefferson County Jail. His bond is set at $135,000.Copyright 2016WBRC.All rights reserved.1720 Valley View DriveBirmingham, AL 35209(205) 322-6666A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
553,356,508510,"February 20, 2016",Florida,Orlando,446 S Parramore Ave,0,4,http://www.wftv.com/news/local/four-in-hospital-after-orlando-shooting/100141446,"ORLANDO, Fla. — Four people were shot Saturday night as a Parramore grocery store was robbed, the Orlando Police Department said.Roy Stephens, 34, shot four people shortly before 9 p.m. as he robbed Tip Top Groceries on South Parramore Avenue and West Anderson Street, said Orlando police Sgt. Wanda Ford.“Witnesses were able to provide a description of the suspect's vehicle,” Ford said. “And the suspect was located and placed under arrest in the area of Long Street and South Lee Avenue.”One person was critically wounded, and the three others are in stable condition.None of the victims were publicly identified.“One of our K-9 dogs was injured during the apprehension, but he is doing OK,” Ford said. “Great teamwork by the all the officers to get this bad guy off the street.”A 13-year-old girl said she watched Stephens walk into the store.“He came in the store quietly,” she said. “Then he went behind the counter, and he had the gun in his hand.”The girl said she then saw Stephens fire the gun.“I was just nervous. I was panicking. I didn't know what to do,” she said ""I [froze] at first, but then I ran out [of] the store so he wouldn't see me.""Stephens was brought to Florida Hospital South for possible drug intoxication and for observation, Ford said.He was booked into the Orange County Jail, where he was charged with robbery, possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and four counts of attempted murder."
554,359,507998,"February 19, 2016",California,Vallejo,509 Porter Street,1,3,http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2016/02/19/one-dead-three-injured-including-nine-year-old-in-vallejo-shooting/,"VALLEJO (CBS SF) — One person was killed and three others were injured in a shooting on Porter Street in Vallejo Friday afternoon, a police lieutenant said.The shooting happened around 3:50 p.m. in a residential area at Porter and McLane streets. One of the injured who went to a hospital is a nine-year-old child. The adult victim was dead at the scene.The child had a head wound that police believe was caused by a bullet. One of the adults injured was wounded in the hand. Police said the injured were expected to survive.The victims were found in a black Monte Carlo in a driveway at 509 Porter Street and the suspects drove by and fled in a maroon sedan, according to Lt. Kevin Bartlett.Vallejo shooting Feb. 19  (CBS)TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Bay City News contributed to this report"
555,362,504996,"February 13, 2016",Louisiana,Marrero,5425 Lapalco Boulevard,0,4,http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/02/suspect_arrested_in_quadruple.html#incart_river_index,"COREY URSIN.jpgCorey Ursin, 19, of Marrero, was arrested and booked with aggravated second-degree battery in connection with a Feb. 13 shooting at a Marrero birthday party that left four teens wounded.(JPSO)Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Officedetectives arrested a man accused of shooting up aMarrerobirthday party, injuring four teenagers. Corey Ursin, 19, of 1013 Dimarco Drive, Marrero, was booked with aggravated second-degree battery, according to Col. John Fortunato, spokesman for the department.Investigators are searching for a second, unidentified suspect in the case. No other details were available Monday (Feb. 29) about that suspect.The shooting occurred at Chit Chat Event Hall,5423 Lapalco Blvd., Marrero, around 11:30 p.m. on Feb. 13. About 25 teenagers were attending a birthday party for a 17-year-old at the second-floor reception facility when gunfire rang out, piercing the walls.The Sheriff's Office Shotspotter system registered 20 to 30 gunshots, a report said.A 14-year-old suffered gunshot wounds to the back and neck. A 15-year-old suffered a gunshot wound to the right cheek, and another 15-year-old suffered a gunshot wound to the right knee. Outside, a 16-year-old standing on the balcony was shot in the leg, incident reports said.A witness spotted two men shooting at the business from the nearby intersection of Lapalco Boulevard and Manor Heights Drive. The men then drove off in a light-colored four-door sedan, the report said.Investigators recovered 26 shell casings, 14 from a .40-caliber pistol and 12 from a 9mm pistol.No information was available Monday about how detectives identified Ursin as a suspect in the case, but investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest. They took him into custody Friday (Feb. 26) at L.W. Higgins High School, 7201 Lapalco Blvd., Marrero, where he is a student, the report said.When arrested, investigators found Ursin with 20 bags of marijuana with a total weight of 11 grams, an arrest report said.In addition to the aggravated battery charge, Ursin was booked with violation of drug laws and three outstanding attachments.Ursin was being held Monday at the Jefferson Parish Correctional Center in Gretna. Bond on all but one of the attachments was set at $112,000. Ursin was being held without bond on the third attachment.. . . . . . . .Anyone with information about this case is asked to call the Sheriff's Office investigations bureau at 504.364.5300. The public can also call Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111 or toll-free at 877.903.7867. Tips can be texted to C-R-I-M-E-S (274637); text TELLCS then the crime information. Callers or texters do not have to give their names or testify and can earn a $2,500 reward for information that leads to an indictment.Purchases made via links on our site may earn us an affiliate commissionNews Tips:newstips@theadvocate.comOther questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.comNeed help?"
556,363,501256,"February 7, 2016",Mississippi,Pass Christian,Davis Avenue,2,4,http://www.wlox.com/story/31623302/arrest-warrants-issued-in-connection-with-pass-christian-shooting,"PASS CHRISTIAN, MS (WLOX) - Police have confirmed that arrest warrants have been issued for multiple individuals involved in a deadly parade shooting in Pass Christian on Feb. 7.According to Pass Christian Police Chief Timothy Hendricks, direct arrest warrants were issued and the following people are in custody:Although the suspects have been taken into custody, the investigation is ongoing. Hendricks notes that there is a possibility that additional individuals may be named and charged. Anyone with information is asked to contact PCPD at 228-452-3301 or atinvestigations@ci.pass-christian.ms.us.Copyright 2016WLOX. All rights reserved.208 DeBuys RoadBiloxi, MS 39531(228) 896-1313A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
557,364,501233,"February 7, 2016",Florida,Orlando,7432 Universal Blvd,2,10,http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-glitz-shooting-bond-hearings-20161114-story.html,"The night at Glitz Ultra Lounge ended with two people dead and another eight injured, half of them described by police as innocent bystanders who had nothing to do with the alleged gang fight in front of them.But it started with an attempt at a peace offering, according to court proceedings Tuesday.The Feb. 7 shooting at Glitz, a now-defunct club on Universal Boulevard, left two dead: Joseph Villalobos, 22, and Jonathan Avila Rojas, 33. In a bond hearings for two of the four suspects Tuesday, police for the first time publicly described what led to their deaths.The people involved were allegedly members of two rival gangs with ties to Puerto Rico: Los Lobos, of which Villalobos was allegedly a member; and Los Alqaedas, which police said counted Avila Rojas as a prominent member.The two groups had been feuding because of rumors that a member of one had ratted out a member of the other in exchange for a lighter sentence in a federal case. That night, both groups were at Glitz: Los Lobos on an upstairs balcony and Los Alqaedas downstairs, Orlando police Detective Teresa Sprague said in court Tuesday.Christian Castro-Cotto, who was upstairs with Los Lobos, saw members of Los Alqaedas and started raising his arms at them, as if to challenge them, Sprague said.Avila Rojas, who was standing by the bar, saw Castro-Cotto and decided he did not want things to get violent that night. He grabbed Joseph Villalobos' brother and asked him to get the leader of Los Lobos down so they could talk and smooth things over.The leader came down with nine other people. Luis Gadiel Cruz-Nazario, 21, and Carlos Perez De Armas, 22, who were both armed, stood on either side of Avila Rojas, Sprague said. Police do not believe Avila Rojas was armed, possibly because he had a federal criminal record, and think the other two may have been assigned to protect him.Castro-Cotto approached Cruz-Nazario with a drink in his hand, Sprague said.""Que paso?"" Castro-Cotto said — ""what's happening?""Cruz-Nazario responded: What do you mean, what's happening?Instead of responding, Castro-Cotto took his glass and smashed it into Cruz-Nazario's face, video evidence shows. Cruz-Nazario later told police he thought he had been shot because of the force.Cruz-Nazario allegedly pulled out his gun and started to fire, in retaliation. Perez De Armas saw him and fired his gun as well, police said.Members of Los Lobos fired back. By the end, two people were killed, four alleged gang members were injured, and four innocent bystanders, three women and one man, were hurt as well.Orlando police arrested four people in June on second-degree murder charges: Castro-Cotto, Cruz-Nazario, Perez De Armas and Jose Angel Hernandez.Castro-Cotto and Perez De Armas, who were being held on no bond in Orange County Jail, had bond hearings Tuesday.Castro-Cotto's attorney argued that he did not have or fire a gun during the incident and should be entitled to a bond. Circuit Judge Alicia Latimore granted him a $65,000 bond, but withheld her decision on whether to allow Perez De Armas' release until she could review more evidence.The other two suspects in the shooting were already been released from jail.Cruz-Nazario was released on his own recognizance in August because of a procedural issue — he was arrested twice on different charges stemming from the same Glitz incident, court records show. Less than a month later, he was shot killed in a Belle Isle. Officials with the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the investigating agency, have not said whether his killing was related to the Glitz shooting.Jose Angel Hernandez was released on a $20,000 bond Aug. 22. He is still awaiting trial.glotan@orlandosentinel.comor 407-420-5774Recommended"
558,366,501349,"February 7, 2016",Illinois,Chicago (Englewood),6500 block of South Green Street,0,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160208/englewood/englewood-shooting-leaves-four-teens-wounded-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.ENGLEWOOD — Four teens were wounded in an Englewood shooting on Sunday, police said.At 5:53 p.m., the teens were on a porch in the 6500 block of South Green Street when they were shot, said Officer Ana Pacheco, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.An 18-year-old shot in his leg and taken to Stroger Hospital where he was listed in ""stable"" condition, Pacheco said.A 17-year-old who was shot in her lege and taken to Stroger Hospital where she is listed in ""stable"" condition, Pacheco said.Two 15-year-olds were also wounded in the shooting. The first, who was shot in his leg, was taken to St. Bernard Hospital where he is listed in ""stable"" condition. The second, was shot in his chest and in both legs and was taken to Comer Children's Hospital where he is listed in ""stable"" condition.One of the victims is in documented gang member, police said.No one is in custody, Pacheco said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamNext inEnglewood, Auburn Gresham & ChathamCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
559,367,501267,"February 6, 2016",California,Los Angeles,12800 block of Cook Street,1,3,http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2016/02/07/deadly-shooting-investigation-underway-in-la/,"LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com)— Homicide detectives Sunday investigated the circumstances surrounding a shooting that claimed the life of an adult man and wounded three other people.According to the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, deputies were sent shortly before 9 p.m. Saturday to the 12800 block of Cook Street for report of an assault with a deadly weapon.Upon their arrival, authorities discovered an unknown suspect shot at three adult men and one female juvenile.“The first victim, a male Hispanic adult, was found laying on the sidewalk with multiple gunshot wounds to the torso,” said Deputy Juanita Navarro-Suarez. “He was pronounced dead at the scene.”The coroner’s office has not yet released the man’s identity.The three other victims were transported to a hospital with non-life threatening conditions. An update on their conditions was not immediately available.At this time, no suspect description has been provided.The investigation is ongoing as the motive for the shooting remains unclear.Anyone with information regarding this incident has been urged to contact the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department’s Homicide Bureau at (323) 890-5500."
560,368,500629,"February 6, 2016",Florida,Apopka,10th Street,0,4,http://www.wftv.com/news/local/apopka-police-investigating-after-4-shooting-victims-check-in-to-hospital/64506732,"APOPKA, Fla. — Apopka police are investigating after four people checked themselves in to the hospital with gunshot wounds Saturday morning.Officers responded to the area of 10th Street near Central Street in South Apopka just after 1 a.m. for reports of shots fired.There was nothing at the scene when they arrived, but officers later got calls about the shooting victims who had gotten themselves to Florida Hospital in Apopka.The victims were all transported to Orlando Regional Medical Center to be treated and are expected to survive their injuries.Police have not released any information about the identities of the victims or possible suspects."
561,369,500556,"February 6, 2016",Florida,Tampa,8123 N Nebraska Ave,2,6,http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/police-2nd-victim-in-tampa-florida-club-shooting-dies/,"TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A second victim has died as a result of a shooting at a Tampa strip club.Tampa police announced in a news release Tuesday that 20-year-old Christopher Houston died late Monday from injuries suffered in the shooting at Club Rayne.Marvin Douglass Lancaster III died at the scene, and six others were being treated at local hospitals Saturday, with injuries ranging from minor to very serious.Crime Stoppers of Tampa Bay is offering a reward of up to $3,000 for information leading to the identification and arrest of a suspect.No arrests have been made.An unrelated shooting at a Club in Orlando on Sunday killed two and injured 10."
562,370,499422,"February 3, 2016",District of Columbia,Washington,1500 block of Butler St SE,0,4,https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/four-are-shot-in-anacostia-including-two-juveniles/2016/02/03/41020af2-caea-11e5-a7b2-5a2f824b02c9_story.html,"Four people were shot and wounded Wednesday night, including two juveniles, during a incident on a residential block of Anacostia in Southeast Washington, D.C. police said.Authorities found the victims at the intersection of 16th and Butler streets SE after police responded for a shooting just before 9 p.m., said Officer Hugh Carew, a spokesman. All the victims were taken to hospitals with wounds that were believed to be non-life threatening, police said.Officials said the victims were two men and two juveniles; one was a male and the other a female. According to preliminary reports, the victims were wounded in their extremities.Police released no details immediately about what might have led to the gunfire."
563,371,495940,"January 30, 2016",Arizona,Glendale,67th and Missouri Avenue,3,5,http://www.abc15.com/news/region-west-valley/glendale/glendale-pd-three-killed-five-injured-in-house-party-shooting-police-searching-for-suspects,"MenuPolice have identified three young adults who were killed aftershots were fired at a house partywhere five others were wounded, and a group of suspects are still at large.Glendale police said a shooting at a home near 67th and Missouri avenues occurred around 3:30 a.m. on January 30. Sean Marquez, 19, of Glendale, Jose Aguirre-Martinez, 19, of Scottsdale, and a 16-year-old from Phoenix were killed when they were shot at. The name of the 16-year-old is not being released because he is underage.Upon arrival, police found a large party filled with teenagers and young adults. They suspect as many as 80 to 100 teens attended the party. According to the investigation, a group of five Hispanic men were involved in a verbal altercation inside the home with party goers, and they were asked to leave. As the group of men left the house, they continued arguing in the front yard. One of the men, who was described as being in his late teens to early 20s, entered an older, white 4-door sedan. The group of men entered the vehicle, drove down the street, turned around, and as they drove past the home at a high rate of speed opened fire, striking several individuals who were both outside and inside the home.At the scene, police located two other individuals who were wounded by gunfire, a 15-year-old girl and a 19-year-old man who were both released from the hospital as of Sunday.Since the shooting, police learned three other individuals who were at the party also sustained gunshot injuries, bringing the total up to eight individuals who were struck by gunfire. Two 17-year-old boys and a 16-year-old boy were shot as the suspect vehicle fled the scene. All three left the scene prior to police arriving; their injuries were non-life threatening and they did seek out medical attention on their own.Police don't know how many shooters were involved in the incident, however they do believe there was more than one. Officials have not been able to locate any suspects or the vehicle that was used during the shooting.Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Glendale Police Department at (623) 930-3000 or Silent Witness at (480) WITNESS.Report a typo"
564,372,494378,"January 27, 2016",Virginia,Chesapeake,1401 N. George Washington Hwy,6,0,http://www.dailypress.com/news/crime/dp-6-dead-in-chesapeake-murder-suicide-20160128-story.html,"CHESAPEAKE — Police have identified the fifth person believed to have been shot and killed by a 26-year-old Chesapeake man as the gunman's paternal grandmother.The woman was positively identified as Doris Dooley, 74, of the 1400 block of George Washington Hwy, police said in a news release Friday.No further information has been released.Previously, Jan. 28, 2:30 p.m.Police believe a 26-year-old Chesapeake man killed five members of his family and then shot and killed himself.The gunman was identified as Cameron Dooley, of the 1400 block of N. George Washington Highway in Chesapeake. Dooley is the son of retired Chesapeake Police Officer Steven ""Todd"" Dooley, who was one of five killed Wednesday night or Thursday morning, police spokeswoman Kelly O'Sullivan said in a news release.Steven ""Todd"" Dooley, 50; Lori Dooley, 54; Landon Dooley, 22; and Brooke Dooley, 17; of the 2300 block of Wildwood Road were identified as victims of the deadly shooting. A fifth victim, an adult female, has not yet been positively identified, O'Sullivan said.All six people suffered gunshot wounds, she said.Landon Dooley was found dead by police at his residence shortly after 3:30 Wednesday. While investigating the death, police were led to a residence in the 1400 block of N. George Washington Highway about 7 p.m., O'Sullivan said.There, police found his brother, Cameron Dooley, who was armed inside the residence. Officers negotiated with him for several hours before they were able to enter the home, O'Sullivan said. They found the others dead inside the home just after 2 a.m. Thursday, she said.No additional information about the incident has been released.Previously: Jan. 28, 11 a.m.Chesapeake police said six people have died following a murder-suicide Wednesday.About 3:35 p.m., officers were dispatched to the 2300 block of Wildwood Road in order to check on the welfare of an individual, said Master Police Officer Kelly O'Sullivan.Upon arrival, police found one person dead inside.Further investigation led officers to a home near the intersection of George Washington Highway and Wintergreen Drive, where they encountered an armed person barricaded inside, O'Sullivan's said.After negotiating for several hours, officers entered the home and found the person dead along with four others.Everyone who died appeared to be related and killed by the person police negotiated with, police said.Police have not released additional information at this time."
565,373,493536,"January 26, 2016",Washington,Seattle,Airport Way S. and S. Atlantic St.,2,3,http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/2-teen-brothers-to-face-adult-murder-charges-in-jungle-shooting/?utm_source=RSS&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=RSS_seattle-news,"James Taafulisia, 17, and Jerome Taafulisia, 16, accused of the deadly shooting in The Jungle, will face murder charges in adult court. Their 13-year-old brother will be prosecuted in juvenile court. The boys had tumultuous childhoods with drug-dealing parents, court records say.The three teenage brothers charged with murder and assault in connection with last week’s deadly shootings in The Jungle have had tumultuous childhoods marked by family upheaval and drug-dealing parents, according to court records.The King County Superior Court records indicate the family moved to the Seattle area from California in 2002 when the two older boys were preschoolers and the youngest still a baby. But their father has a criminal history here that dates to the mid-1990s, the records show.The brothers are all wards of the state and each was wanted on a “run warrant” for leaving various placements by the state Department of Health and Social Services (DSHS) when they were arrested Monday, King County Prosecuting Attorney Dan Satterberg said during a Thursday news conference.All three boys were each charged Thursday with two counts of first-degree felony murder and three counts of first-degree assault, Satterberg announced. Each charge also carries a firearms enhancement.The older boys, James Taafulisia, 17, and Jerome Taafulisia, 16, will be prosecuted in adult, or superior, court “due to the seriousness of the crimes,” Satterberg said.The teens both face potential prison sentences of 90 to 113 years if convicted as charged, but because they are under 18, a state law passed two years ago would require that their sentences be reviewed after they serve 20 years, Satterberg said.The third brother, 13, will be prosecuted in juvenile court on the same charges, Satterberg said. Though his older brothers are the suspected shooters, Satterberg said the younger boy was a “full participant” in the alleged crimes. If convicted, prosecutors will seek to have him held in juvenile confinement until he is 21, he said.The Seattle Times generally does not identify juvenile suspects unless they are charged as adults.The Taafulisia brothers are accused of opening fire on a group of people at the homeless encampment south of downtown Seattle on Jan. 26 to settle a $500 drug debt owed to their mother, Seattle police allege.Witnesses identified the Taafulisia brothers to police, who then employed informants to record conversations in which they acknowledged the shooting, police say. The brothers also sold a .45-caliber handgun, one of two weapons used in the shootings, to an informant, police say.Satterberg said the investigation will determine whether the boys’ mother could face criminal liability in The Jungle shootings. She’s regarded as a “crucial witness,” he said.“The investigation into her role in this is continuing,” he said. “There’s a lot of work that still needs to be done.”When Satterberg was asked Thursday about the drug-debt motive, he said that investigators “don’t have solid evidence for that theory.”The mother’s parental rights were terminated, but Satterberg did not know when that happened. A DSHS spokeswoman said the agency is unable to release details about the boys’ cases because of federal privacy laws.The boys’ father is a reputed gang member and methamphetamine dealer who is now serving a 4 ¼-year prison term for a variety of crimes committed between 2011 and 2014, according to court records and the state Department of Corrections.As of 2013, he owed his sons’ mother — as well as the mother of his two older daughters — a combined $75,000 in unpaid child support, the records say.The boys’ mother, who completed drug court in 2008 after her arrest four years earlier for selling crack cocaine in Occidental Park, accused her children’s father of being violent and threatening to kill her in a protection-order petition filed in 2003, court records say.The couple also have a 12-year-old daughter together who has lived with an aunt and uncle for the past few years, the records say.According to charging documents, the boys’ mother was pulled over in a traffic stop at the same time her sons were being arrested by a SWAT team on Monday at a homeless camp.She told detectives that on the day of The Jungle shooting — her 37th birthday — her older boys told her they were planning to do a “lick,” street slang for a robbery, on a drug dealer known as “Phats,” the charges say. But she didn’t think they were serious and told them not to do it, according to the charges.“She also admitted that she and her sons had lived in The Jungle for a short time before moving out of there in the last year,” say the charges.Satterberg said the boys were familiar with The Jungle and were able to move freely around the homeless encampment.He said he didn’t know where they were living at the time of the shootings since they moved between various motels and homeless-camp sites.Killed in The Jungle wereJeannine L. Zapata, 45, and James Quoc Tran, 33, who had reportedly gone to The Jungle to visit friends. Three others — a man and two women — survived and remain hospitalized. Tran was shot twice with the .45, while Zapata — who also went by the last name Brooks — was found dead in a tent, shot once with the. 45 and once with the .22, Satterberg said.One witness said the shooters were apparently afterdrugs and cashand had targeted a homeless man known as “Phats.”The three surviving victims were interviewed by detectives at Harborview Medical Center. Two couldn’t identify a gunman from a police-photo montage but one man picked James Taafulisia as the suspect who “pulled the trigger” and shot him, the charges say.Police allege James Taafulisia was armed with a .45-caliber handgun and Jerome Taafulisia carried a .22-caliber handgun when they went to the camp just after 7 p.m. Jan. 26, charging papers say. The 13-year-old brother also told the informants he was at The Jungle during the shootings.Police say the Taafulisia brothers took about $100 worth of black-tar heroin and $200 or $300 in cash.During the news conference, Seattle Assistant Police Chief Robert Merner said investigators also are looking into the brothers’ possible connection to a string of violent crimes in the Sodo neighborhood.Satterberg said the .45-caliber handgun used in the shootings had been stolen in a 1976 burglary in Seattle. When the boys were arrested, police recovered marked “buy money” used by the informant to purchase the gun from the 13-year-old, he said.The second weapon, a .22-caliber handgun, was found in the brothers’ tent after their arrest Monday at an encampment near Fourth Avenue South and Royal Brougham Way, Satterberg said. The weapon’s serial number is illegible, making it difficult to trace, he said.The shootings have added a sharp edge to the city’s dialogue over how to confront homelessness, recently highlighted by Mayor Ed Murray’s declaration of a state of emergency.“It’s time to envision a Seattle without The Jungle,” Satterberg said during Thursday’s news conference.Satterberg said conditions in The Jungle are “highly unsanitary” and dangerous.“It’s worse than Third World conditions,” where crimes are “vastly unreported.”"
566,374,493085,"January 25, 2016",California,Perris,140 S. D Street,1,4,http://www.pe.com/articles/sept-812716-fernando-seven.html,"Trending:Hector Fernando CarvajalRiverside County Sheriff's Department released this surveillance video screen shot of what officials called a ""person of interest"" in the Jan. 25 shootings at a downtown Perris restaurant that left one man dead and four others wounded.A candle sitting outside the fenced patio at Nayarit Restaurant in downtown Perris was the only hint Jan. 27  that a deadly shooting had occurred there two days earlier.Updates with not-guilty pleaA fugitive murder suspect accused of opening fire at a Perris restaurant in January was arrested last weekend as he tried to re-enter the United States, authorities said.Hector Fernando Carvajal, 48, of Riverside, pleaded not guilty Thursday, Sept. 8, to one charge of murder and four of attempted murder for theJan. 25 shooting at Nayarit Mexican restaurantin downtown Perris. He also faces five enhancements, which could lengthen his prison sentence if he’s convicted, that he used a firearm to cause great bodily injury.Court documents identify the dead man as Pedro Murillo-Martinez and the other victims as Juan Becerra, 25, who was shot once in the abdomen; Jose Contreras, 35, shot twice in the abdomen; Ramon Duran, 58, shot once in the face; and Fabian Flores, 18, shot once in his right foot.Carvajal was arrested Saturday by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency at an undisclosed location and transferred to Riverside County, where he was booked into jail Monday, Sept. 5. He remains at the Southwest Detention Center, with bail set at $5 million.His arraignment was originally scheduled for Wednesday, but it was delayed because he wasn’t medically cleared to appear in court. The nature of his medical issue was not available.Sheriff’s deputies were called to the Nayarit restaurant at 140 S. D St. about 1 a.m. Jan. 25 and found five males who had been shot.Days later, investigators released a screen grab of a manthey described as a person of interest.What they didn’t say, but is disclosed in court records, is that the homicide was caught on the restaurant’s surveillance cameras. The restaurant’s owner recognized the shooter as someone he knew only as “Fernando,” as did witnesses to the shooting.The shooter frequented the restaurant multiple times a week, according to an arrest warrant issued Feb. 8 and also not previously disclosed by authorities.The witnesses did not hear any argument before the shooting, and did not recognize the victims as regular customers.Investigators located a family member, who said she had not seen Carvajal since a few days after the shooting, and denied knowing about the incident, according to court records.They also tracked down a friend of Carvajal and seized a jacket that belonged to him and was identical to one worn by the shooter in the restaurant video.If investigators have determined what Carvajal’s motive may have been, they didn’t say in court documents.The Sheriff’s Department did not release details about the shooting until almost 36 hours after it happened; a spokesman said detectives were concerned about jeopardizing the investigation if information were released.The victims’ names were not publicly disclosed until the arrest warrant was issued Feb. 8.PREVIOUS COVERAGE:1 killed, 4 others injured in shooting at Perris restaurantNeighbors shocked by Perris restaurant shootingPerson of interest sought in Perris restaurant slayingGet the latest news delivered daily!We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions.If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com."
567,375,491312,"January 23, 2016",California,Los Angeles,8105 Avalon Blvd,2,2,http://homicide.latimes.com/neighborhood/florence,"View more photos »Jan. 25, 2021Stephawn Jouner, a 29-year-oldBlackmale, died Friday, Jan. 8, after beingshotnear 7501 S. Main St. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Stephawn Jouner? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.March 16, 2021Eduardo Mendoza, a 31-year-oldLatinomale, died Friday, Dec. 25, after beingshotnear 7918 San Pedro St. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Eduardo Mendoza? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Jan. 5, 2021Evan Richard Sims, a 58-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Dec. 8, after beingshotnear 343 W. Gage Ave. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Evan Richard Sims? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Dec. 16, 2020Tremaine Devonte Hijazi, a 37-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Nov. 24, after beingshotnear 321 W. 74th St. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Tremaine Devonte Hijazi? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Dec. 16, 2020Ernesto Rios, a 19-year-oldLatinomale, died Saturday, Nov. 21, after beingshotnear 342 W. 75th St. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Ernesto Rios? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Oct. 30, 2020Michael Bradley, a 27-year-oldBlackmale, died Tuesday, Oct. 6, after beingshotnear East 80th & San Pedro streets inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Michael Bradley? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.Aug. 29, 2020Phi Huu Nguyen, a 56-year-oldAsianmale, died Wednesday, July 29, after beingstabbednear 822 E. 76th Place inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Phi Huu Nguyen? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.July 10, 2020Sean Deandra Smith, a 53-year-oldBlackmale, died Saturday, July 4, after beingshotnear the 600 block of East 81st Street inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Sean Deandra Smith? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.July 20, 2020Josue Zepeda, a 32-year-oldLatinomale, died Sunday, June 21, after beingshotnear 206 E. 76th Place inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Josue Zepeda? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform.July 20, 2020Jorge Gonzalez, a 19-year-oldLatinomale, died Thursday, June 18, after beingshotnear 8321 S. San Pedro St. inFlorence, according to Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner's records.Do you have information to share about the life of Jorge Gonzalez? The Homicide Report needs your help. Please fill out thisform."
568,376,486728,"January 17, 2016",Virginia,Ware Neck (Gloucester Courthouse),Ditchley Road and Gill Lane,1,3,http://wtkr.com/2016/01/17/on-dead-three-wounded-in-gloucester-county-shooting/,"MenuGloucester County, Va. - Officials have now identified the victim who was gunned down in a car. Officials say 18-year-old Joshua Steven Morrison was killed. A 15-year-old girl and two 20-year-old men were also shot.""He's always trying to stay positive and keep everyone happy. It was a very outgoing kid,"" said Dean Roberts.  Roberts said he can’t believe what’s happened to his longtime friend who he has known since elementary school.“I didn't want to believe it's true,” said Roberts.The 18-year-old is from Yorktown, according to the Sheriff's Office.18-year-old Dijon Whitter is locked up in the Gloucester County Jail accused of murder.We’ve reached out to Whitter at the jail, but jail officials said he was not interested in speaking with us.Deputies were called to the Gill Lane and Ditchley Drive early Sunday morning for reports of gunshots.  There was a party down the street, and four people were shot – three survived and friends say Joshua was killed.They said he was friends with Dijon and the two spent a lot of time together.Friends we spoke with were stunned by the news.They have set up a memorial on Gill Lane, the spot where the shooting happened.""It's devastating. I woke up to that phone call,"" said Roberts, ""It tore me up.""A father said he is glad his 15-year-old daughter is alive after being shot in the back of the head in Gloucester County.John Ward said a bullet struck the back of her head and it is unclear if she will suffer from any permanent damage.“I hope they prosecute him to the fullest extent,"" said John Ward. ""She has double vision. The doctor said if it had been a little bit closer, she would not be here.”A Captain at the Sheriff’s Office stated they got calls into the 911 dispatch center about a chaotic scene and reports of gunshot victims near Ditchley Drive and Gill Lane just after midnight on Sunday.Officials say one person was found dead in a car and three other victims got a ride down the road to Nuttall’s Country Store, which is located a little over a mile down the street. Law enforcement met with the victims at the store.There was a big party happening down the road.One woman, who did not want to be identified, said she did not know the people involved in the shooting.""We were having a party for my birthday, but they were not affiliated with us in any way,” she said.Police also received a 911 call from a nearby neighbor who says a teenage girl came pounding their door, saying the alleged gunman was chasing her. She apparently ran through a wooded area and was not injured.It is unclear what led to the gunfire.Whitter is charged with a first-degree murder, malicious shooting and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony. He is currently being held without bond at the Gloucester County Jail.""I don't know how she knows the guy or if she knew him,"" said Ward.Sheriff’s officials say there are likely more charges to come. They have not released the names of the victims.John says his daughter was released from the hospital Sunday.Two victims were airlifted to other hospitals--one was taken to Riverside-Walter Reed Hospital in Gloucester. The fourth victim was found dead at the scene of the initial call in an abandoned vehicle.The remaining victims are listed in stable condition.Gloucester Investigators, Virginia State Police and BCI Agents are collectively working the crime scene.Report a typo"
569,377,483750,"January 11, 2016",Delaware,Wilmington,900 block of Brown Street,1,4,https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2016/01/13/browntown-shooting-victim-named/78774604/,"The man who died in theBrowntown shootingon Monday night was Ira Brown, 20, of Wilmington, city police announced late on Wednesday.He was one of five people shot in the incident, which police have suggested was a robbery-gone-wrong on Brown Street near Stroud Street. He is the only one who died.Brown had several gunshot wounds to his legs, according to initial information given by police. He showed up to the Wilmington Hospital emergency room in a personal vehicle before being taken to Christiana Hospital, where he died.Two other people who were shot that night also showed up to the emergency room in personal vehicles – a 49-year-old man and a 21-year-old man went to St. Francis Hospital, according to police. The older man had gunshot wounds to his left hand and abdomen – he was in serious, but stable, condition. The younger man had been shot in the shoulder, leg, and abdomen – he was in critical condition. Both men were transferred to Christiana hospital, according to police.The only people who were in the house when police arrived were a 28-year-old man with a gunshot wound in his leg and a 51-year-old woman with a gunshot wound to her abdomen. They were taken to Christiana Hospital in an ambulance, according to police.The investigation is still ongoing, and police ask anyone with information to call Detective Randy Nowell at (302) 576-3632.Contact Saranac Hale Spencer at (302) 324-2909,sspencer@delawareonline.comor on Twitter @SSpencerTNJ."
570,379,481900,"January 8, 2016",Illinois,Chicago,1500 block of South Kedzie,1,4,https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160109/north-lawndale/1-killed-4-wounded-north-lawndale-shooting-police-say,"The DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.Read the press release here.NORTH LAWNDALE — A 29-year-old man died and four other men were hurt after a shooting in North Lawndale Friday night, police said.The shooting occurred around 8:45 p.m. in the 1500 block of South Kedzie Avenue, according to Officer Jose Estrada, a Chicago Police spokesman. The surviving victims of the shooting told investigators they were standing on the block when they ""heard shots and felt pain,"" Estrada said.The 29-year-old brought himself to Mount Sinai Hospital with a gunshot wound in his upper chest, Estrada said. He was later pronounced dead.Cook County medical examiners identified the man as Raymon Blount, of the 300 block of North Pine Avenue.Two 28-year-old men went to Mount Sinai Hospital, where their conditions ""stabilized"" after they were treated for gunshot wounds in their right thighs, Estrada said.A 21-year-old man brought himself to Saint Anthony Hospital, where his condition was ""stable"" after he was shot in his left ankle, Estrada said.A fifth man, 26, refused medical attention after suffering a graze wound in his right thigh, Estrada said.Police said the men were not cooperating with authorities, and that at least four of them have ""documented gang ties.""No one is in custody, Estrada said.For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:Next inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleNext inGarfield Park & North LawndaleCopyright © 2009-2018, New York Public Radio.All Rights Reserved.Copyright © 2009-2018, DNAinfo.All Rights Reserved."
571,380,481429,"January 7, 2016",Tennessee,Memphis,3800 block of Kerwood Avenue,1,3,http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/33180112/teenager-indicted-for-first-degree-murder-in-january-shooting,"MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - A 17-year-old has been indicted on first-degree murder charges and five counts of attempted first-degree murder, according to Shelby County District Attorney General Amy Weirich.Weirich said Rodricus Adams, 17, is being held without bond for thedeath of 17-year-old Antoine Bell.Bell was a student at Raleigh-Egypt High School. He was shot and killed January 7 at Kerwood Avenue and Winwood Drive in Raleighwhen Adams and another masked suspect shot him.Weirich said the suspects approached a car that had stopped to help another driver. According to police, the two suspects were wearing Halloween masks when they pulled up and opened fire on the group.Bell was killed and at least two others were injured in the shooting.Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.1960 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-0555A Gray Media Group, Inc. Station - © 2002-2021 Gray Television, Inc."
572,381,479613,"January 6, 2016",Florida,Lakeland,2312 East Magnolia Street,3,1,http://wfla.com/2016/03/04/manhunt-for-polk-triple-murder-suspect-ends-with-arrest/,"WFLAby:Sunde FarquharMIAMI, Fla. (WFLA) — The manhunt for the remaining suspect in a violent Polk County triple murder ended on Thursday with the arrest of Tavares Antwan Mack, 26, in Miami.U.S. Marshalls arrested Mack at a residence at 2225 NW 119th St. in Miami the Polk County Sheriff’s Office said on Friday.Mack is one of four suspects in a Jan. 6 triple homicide.Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said the victims were found ‘slaughtered’ in the home.Two women and a man were found dead inside a home on East Magnolia Drive in Lakeland. A fourth victim was found alive, but has been shot in the face.18-year-old Felix Campos was the sole survivor of the attack.  The murder victims were identified as 24-year-old David Washington, 31-year-old Eneida Branch, and 23-year-old Angelica Guadalupe Castro.Mack is charged with three counts of First Degree Murder, Attempted First Degree Murder, Armed Robbery, Armed Burglary, and Tampering with Physical Evidence in a Capital Proceeding.  He was booked into the Miami-Dade County Jail and will be extradited to Polk County.Three other Miami men are suspected in the murders. Andrew Joseph age 35, Jonathan Alcegaire age 26, and Jamaal Smith age 25, have already been arrested.THE STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A timeline of key events that began with George Floyd’s arrest on May 25, 2020, by four police officers in Minneapolis:May 25 — Minneapolis police officers respond to a call shortly after 8 p.m. about a possible counterfeit $20 bill being used at a corner grocery and encounter a Black man, later identified as George Floyd, who struggles and ends up handcuffed and face down on the ground. Officer Derek Chauvin uses his knee to pin Floyd’s neck for about nine minutes while bystanders shout at him to stop. Bystander video shows Floyd crying “I can’t breathe” multiple times before going limp. He’s pronounced dead at a hospital.TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WFLA) – As the end of the current legislative session draws closer this week, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis signed five bills into law on April 19, including a law that adds a tax to online sales of products shipped into the state.Starting July 1, SB 50, also known as the Park Randall 'Randy' Miller Act, revises what the state defines a retail sale as. Now, the state includes sales from online marketplaces in its definition of retail sales by amending the definition in Florida Statute.HAINES CITY, Fla. (WFLA) - The Florida Department of Health in Polk County hosted its first walk-up only vaccine site in Haines City Tuesday as the county’s vaccination rate lags behind other counties.State data shows 18% of people in Polk County are fully vaccinated and 29% have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine."
573,0,1017372,"December 31, 2017",Colorado,Littleton (Highlands Ranch),3404 E County Line Rd,2,6,http://kdvr.com/2017/12/31/douglas-county-sheriff-responds-to-officer-down-call/,"FOX31 Denverby:Web Staff,The Associated PressHIGHLANDS RANCH, Colo. — A gunman shot and killed a deputy, and wounded three other deputies, a police officer and two civilians at an apartment complex in an ambush-type of attack early Sunday morning, the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office said.About 5:15 a.m., deputies responded for the second time in two hours to the Copper Canyon Apartments complex at 3404 E. County Line Road in Highlands Ranch, between Colorado and University boulevards.A man had left the apartment before deputies arrived, but returned, and gave a key and permission to enter the unit, the sheriff’s office said.About 5:55 a.m., four deputies were hit by rifle rounds from the suspect’s bedroom, the sheriff’s office said.Three of the deputies managed to get to safety, but a fourth, 29-year-old Zackari Parrish, was not able to get out of the line of fire.Because of the large amount of gunfire and injuries they suffered, the other deputies weren’t able to rescue Parrish.Parrish was shot multiple times and according to the attending doctor, wouldn’t have been able to survive his injuries because of where he was shot..@SheriffSpurlocknames29-year-old Zackari Parrish, deputy and former CRPD officer killed in#CopperCanyonOIS. Our hearts our heavy today as we mourn the loss of one of our brothers. Thank you all for your support.https://t.co/kJKCYaZ7Uqpic.twitter.com/RmdB9CI5Tg— DC Sheriff (@dcsheriff)December 31, 2017“I do know that all of them were shot very, very quickly. They all went down almost within seconds of each other, so it was more of an ambush-type of attack on our officers,” Douglas County Sheriff Tony Spurlock said.“He knew we were coming and we obviously let him know that we were there.”RELATED:Douglas County Sheriff fallen officer fundA SWAT team was called out and entered the apartment about 7:30 a.m. Shots were exchanged, resulting in the death of the suspect, identified as37-year-old Matthew Riehl.SWAT officer Tom O’Donnell of the Castle Rock Police Department was shot and injured by the suspect.Riehl fired more than 100 rounds in the attack, the sheriff’s office said.Deputies Michael Doyle, 28, Taylor Davis, 30, and Jeffrey Pelle, 32, were injured. They and O’Donnell are are in stable condition.The two civilian injuries were not life-threatening, the sheriff’s office said. Pelle is the son of Boulder County Sheriff Joe Pelle.Sheriff Pelle (Boulder SO), Deputy Pelle (Douglas SO), and family, earlier this afternoon.#CopperCanyonOISpic.twitter.com/24ltoj6YpP— BoulderCountySheriff (@BldrCOSheriff)December 31, 2017Authorities had left the apartment about 3:45 a.m. to address a noise complaint but returned about 5:15 a.m. in response to reports of another disturbance.Spurlock said the disturbance was initially reported to be domestic but turned out to be noise-related.“The suspect was just making a ton of noise and annoying everyone around him,” Spurlock said.Parrish, the slain officer, was a married father of two young children. He had been with the department for about seven months. Spurlock called him a “good kid” who was eager to work.“His wife told me today that he loved this job more than he had loved any job he ever had,” Spurlock said.Parrish previously worked for nearly 2 1/2 years with the Castle Rock Police Department.“Our thoughts and prayers are with the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office and the family and friends of Deputy Parrish,” Gov. John Hickenlooper said in a statement. “We can only imagine the depth of grief they are experiencing.“We also hope for a speedy recovery for the Douglas County deputies and the Castle Rock police officer injured in the incident, as well as the residents who also were affected.“The call to protect and serve too often leads to this ultimate sacrifice. We are grateful for the service of Deputy Parrish, his fellow deputies, and that of the Castle Rock police officer. We pray for their and their families’ strength and resolve in the days and months ahead.”Hickenlooper ordered flags be lowered in honor of Parrish.The sheriff’s office issued a code red for any citizens in the affected area. They were instructed to shelter in place, avoid windows and stay away from exterior walls. It has since been lifted.SubmitCopyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.DENVER (KDVR) — Denver is looking to up its transportation game by making a few changes around the city, and providing more options for residents.Denver City Council approved developers to partner with Denver's Mobility Action Plan. The plan aims to improve choice of transportation, safety, climate and health impact, and accessibility.DENVER (KDVR) -- Fluid Truck, the rapidly growing app-based truck sharing platform, announced it will remain in Colorado on Tuesday.The company is currently expanding it's headquarters with 1,483 new jobs over the next eight years, with an average annual wage of $163,677. Jobs include finance, management, administration, product and engineering positions.DENVER (KDVR) -- Three of Colorado's largest vaccine clinics are now vaccinating people with no appointment necessary.Gov. Polis announced the change during a news conference with CDPHE's Dr. Rachel Herlihy Tuesday morning."
574,1,1017422,"December 31, 2017",Illinois,Chicago,2335 Howard St,0,4,https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/3-wounded-1-critically-in-shooting-at-west-ridge-bar/,"Filed under:Four men were wounded, one critically, in a shooting at a bar early Sunday in the West Rogers Park neighborhood on the North Side.The men were inside of a bar about 1:35 a.m. in the 2300 block of West Howard when another male opened fire, according to Chicago Police.A 24-year-old man suffered multiple gunshot wounds to his body and was taken in critical condition to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, police said.A 38-year-old man was also shot multiple times in his body, while a 54-year-old man suffered a gunshot wound to his right hip, police said. They were also taken to St. Francis, where their conditions stabilized.A 42-year-old man suffered two gunshot wounds to his left leg and a graze wound to his right forearm, police said. He showed up at Evanston Hospital, where his condition stabilized, police said.No one was in custody as Area North detectives investigated the shooting.Know about breaking news as it happens. We follow the stories and update you as they develop.Time is short, however, with only seven regular season games left for each of the Bulls and Blackhawks.The Build Illinois Homes Tax Credit could lead to the construction of 3,500 homes and apartments annually and the creational of 17,150 jobs over 10 years.The Grammy-winning composer who wrote Meat Loaf’s best-selling ""Bat Out Of Hell"" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 and won album of the year at the 1997 Grammy Awards for producing songs on Celine Dion’s ""Falling Into You,""A zoning proposal from LG Development calls for 665 units  and another 400 may be in the offing.The Premier League threatened to sanction the rebel clubs and Prime Minister Boris Johnson considered introducing laws to stop them forming a new European competition he called a ""cartel.""The verdict, arrived at after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days, was to be read late in the afternoon in a city on edge against the possibility of more unrest like that that erupted last spring."
575,2,1018118,"December 31, 2017",New Jersey,Long Branch,635 Wall St,4,0,http://www.nj.com/monmouth/index.ssf/2018/01/third_person_escaped_home_in_killing_of_parents_sister_family_friend_prosecutor.html#incart_river_index,"UPDATE:'A ray of sunshine': Vigil honors slain familyThe Long Branch teenager who allegedlykilled his parents, sister and a family friendon New Year's Eve opened fire ""at close range"" using a semi-automatic rifle containing 15 bullets, prosecutors said Tuesday.Law enforcement officials also revealed a third person - a woman in her 20s - fled the house when the shots began, along with the teen's grandfather and brother.The 16-year-old alleged shooter, whose name is being withheld, is expected to make his first appearance in court at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Monmouth County Prosecutor Christopher J. Gramiccioni said during a press conference.""This is a heartbreaking family tragedy,"" said Gramiccioni, who did not reveal any possible motive for the shooting.Linda and Steven Kologi, at left, and their 18-year-old daughter, Brittany Kologi, were shot and killed on New Year's Eve in their home in Long Branch along with a 70-year-old family friend Mary Schulz. The Kologi's 16-year-old son has been charged in the four killings. (GoFundMe)The teen's court appearance was delayed Tuesday after The Asbury Park Press and NJ Advance Media filed a motion seeking access to the hearing, which is being held in family court because of the teenager's age. A spokesman for the prosecutor's office Tuesday evening said the judge denied the application for access.Prosecutors are seeking to waive the case up to adult court and said they expect a judge's decision within 60 days.Gramiccioni said the woman in her early 20s escaped with the shooter's grandfather and brother as they heard the shots from  a Century Arms semi-automatic rifle.The teenager's parents, Steven Kologi and Linda Kologi, were gunned down, along with their 18-year-old daughter Brittany Kologi and family friend Mary Schulz, 70, around 11:45 p.m., prosecutors said.Gramiccioni said he did not believe there was any time for family members to try to convince the teenager not to shoot.""We think this was fairly sudden and quick,"" Gramiccioni said.The gun was loaded with 15 7.62mm rounds at the time of the shooting and was legally owned by a resident of the multi-family house on the 600 block of Wall Street, Gramiccioni said. He declined to say whether the teenager shot all 15 rounds.Each person who died suffered from multiple gunshot wounds, and prosecutors were not considering filing charges against the gun's owner, Gramiccioni said.He said there was no indication any financial problems of the family played a role in the killings.The 16-year-old is charged with four counts of murder and weapons offenses. He is being held at the Middlesex County Youth Detention Center and is represented by a public defender.Gramiccioni said the family members were in different rooms at the time of the shooting.Schulz lived in Ocean Township and had a ""close family relationship"" with the 16-year-old's grandfather, Gramiccioni said.Family friends have described the teen as having special needs. Gramiccioni said he could not comment on the teenager's mental status.The 16-year-old attended a school, Gramiccioni said, but he declined to identify the school.""A quadruple homicide investigation, this is the first that I've seen or heard of it and certainly the first that I've participated in as prosecutor in this county,"" Gramiccioni said.The Kologis' oldest son, also named Steven Kologi,wrote on Instagram Mondaythat his parents were ""great people"" and that Brittany was ""beautiful and smart.""A GoFundMe page established by a family friend to cover funeral expenses has alreadyraised more than its goal of $20,000.""Linda, Steven, and Brittany were all beautiful people with the kindest hearts you could imagine,"" Brian Yunker, of West Long Branch, wrote on the page. ""All donations will go directly to a proper burial. Thank you all for the support.""Brittany Kologi, 18, had recently finished her first semester as a freshman at Stockton University, where she was a heath sciences student and lived on campus, according to the school.""We are shocked and saddened by the reports of the death of freshman Brittany Kologi under such tragic circumstances,"" the school said in a statement, adding that counseling staff are available for her friends and classmates at Stockton.Funeral services have not been announced. A vigil has been scheduled for 6 p.m. Tuesday at Franklin Lake Park in West Long Branch.The press conference at the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office to discuss the latest developments regarding the deadly shootings in Long Branch.Staff reporter Kelly Heyboer contributed to this report.Marisa Iati may be reached atmiati@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter@Marisa_Iatioron Facebook here. FindNJ.com on Facebook.Have a tip? Tell us.nj.com/tipsNote to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
576,4,1015336,"December 26, 2017",Florida,Miami,NW 18th Ave and 86th Ter,0,5,http://wsvn.com/news/local/5-hospitalized-after-shooting-in-nw-miami-dade/,"NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Rescue crews took five people to the hospital after, police said, they were shot in a residential neighborhood in Northwest Miami-Dade, Tuesday night.Police responded to the scene of the shooting in the area of Northwest 18th Avenue and 86th Terrace, just after 8:15 p.m.“At a single family residence where we identified five victims of gunshot wounds,” said Miami-Dade Police Detective Lee Cowart.Investigators identified the victims as 22-year-old Taurean Neal, 20-year-old Jada Miller, 19-year-old Antwon Brown and 18-year-old Ulysses Britt. An unidentified 17-year-old victim was also injured in the shooting.Jeffrey Humes, Miller’s uncle, said his niece was shot six times in her arms and legs.“You know what kids do after Christmas,” Humes said. “You know, they gather at their friends’ house.”They were standing outside when someone opened fire, and they scattered. “As far as we know, they were over at a friend’s house and somebody came up in a drive-by and started shooting,” said Humes.“Our victims, once the shooting occurred, fled the scene, and that’s where I suspect that they ended up seeking medical attention,” said Cowart.The victims scatted after the shooting, and minutes after the original call, two blocks away from the crime scene, another call came in related to the shooting.Humes said the victims of the initial shooting remain in the hospital. Two of the victims had to undergo a second surgery, Wednesday, according to family members.“Two of them are in surgery as we speak, but the rest of them are stable,” said Humes. “Thank God that everybody is OK.”Neighbors who were too afraid to appear on camera told 7News they heard at least 20 shots. Some said they initially thought they were fireworks and only realized it was a shooting after they heard police sirens.Police had blocked off several sections of the street as they investigated. They were seen searching for shell casings and interviewing neighbors.“It’s a terrible, violent crime,” said Cowart. “There’s too much gun violence right now, and we’re trying to address that.”Paramedics transported the victims to area hospitals. As of Wednesday, all victims are said to be in stable condition.7News cameras captured paramedics taking four of the victims out of ambulances outside Jackson Memorial Hospital.The 17-year-old victim is a Miami-Dade County Public Schoolss student. Superintendent Alberto Carvalho commented on the shooting, Wednesday morning, tweeting, “We cannot allow these actions to be tolerated in our neighborhoods. Cowardly silence kills. #SpeakUp.”Devastating December. Two teenagers became the latest victims of unacceptable gun violence, along with 3 others last night. Another mass shooting in our community. We cannot allow these actions to be tolerated in our neighborhoods. Cowardly silence kills.#SpeakUp— Alberto M. Carvalho (@MiamiSup)December 27, 2017Officials have not provided further details about the person or people behind this shooting or the circumstances leading up to the incident. It remains unclear whether the victims were the subjects’ intended targets.“We just want, as a family, for the violence to stop,” said Humes. “That’s the most important thing. And anybody that did this – turn yourself in.”If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.Copyright 2021 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed."
577,5,1013983,"December 24, 2017",Mississippi,Vicksburg,1111 Mulberry Street,0,5,http://deltadailynews.com/downtown-vicksburg-shooting-injures-five-people/,"Posted By:Kelly BenfordDecember 26, 2017VICKSBURG, MS (Ben Caxton)  — A Christmas Eve shooting in downtown Vicksburg has left five people injured. Police were called to L.D.’s lounge just before midnight Sunday and found one victim, Ledarius Sproulls, outside on the ground. Sprouls was transported to UMMC in Jackson for treatment. Four others, Treyvonne Williams, Zarian Price, Jobie Gordon and Erica Harris had already been taken to Merit Health River Region Medical Center by private vehicles. None of the injuries appear to be life-threatening. Police have detained 21-year-old Denzell Watts for questioning. L.D.’s lounge, which according to Vicksburg Mayor George Flaggs has been the scene of other shootings has been closed until the owner can come to an agreement with the city for providing upgraded security. A restaurant and catering business at the site are not affected by the closure order.Your email address will not be published.CommentName*Email*WebsiteApril 7, 2021On April 22, Boutique Air of Greenville will begin flight flying from Greenville Mid-Delta Regional Airport to New Orleans, LA. The new route will offer one daily round-trip on Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays. “We believe this is the right route at the right time for our citizens in the Mississippi…March 31, 2021March 24, 2021March 23, 2021March 4, 2021March 3, 2021OffbeatOffbeatOffbeatOffbeatOffbeatOffbeatOffbeatOffbeatPosted By:Angie QuezadaAugust 25, 2016(Madison, MS)- Tonya Paige Cockrell has been found and arrested after she was reported missing since Saturday in Madison. 45 Year old Cockrell was arrested for failure to obey a police officer and disorderly conduct. Cockrell is currently being held at the Madison County jail, with no bond at this time.COPYRIGHT 2015-2021 | VIRTUAL NEWSMAN NETWORK & DELTA RADIO NETWORK"
578,7,1014971,"December 23, 2017",Louisiana,Eunice,100 block of City Avenue,1,3,http://klfy.com/2017/12/29/local-rapper-charged-in-eunice-homicide/,"KLFYby:StaffEUNICE, La. (KLFY)-Acting on a warrant from the Eunice Police Department, Carencro Police and the Lafayette Parish Sheriff’s Office located and arrested Rontreal  J. Prejean, aka “D-Jack”, 18, of the 400 block of Madison Street in Lafayette.Prejean is charged with the degree murder of Tyrie Frederick,  23, of Eunice, and three counts of attempted first degree murder.According to Eunice Chief of Police, Randy Fontenot, officers responded on December 23 at 1:20 a.m. at the Southeast Neighborhood Center on City Ave. in Eunice.The shooting occurred following an altercation during a Christmas party at the center.Prejean, a rapper hired who was to entertain the party, allegedly pulled a handgun and began shooting at the victim, striking and killing him, police said.Frederick was transported to the hospital where he was pronounced dead.Three others, 14 and 15-year-old boys and a 22-year-old woman, were also shot.They were all treated for non-life threatening injuries.Sergeant Robert Brickley, lead investigator in the case, has said that his investigation is far from complete.“We still have many witnesses to interview and the investigation is still very much ongoing,” Sgt. Brickley said.The Eunice Police Department asks that if you have any information or knowledge concerning this case, please call the Police Department at 337-457-2626 or Sgt. Brickley at 337-457-6575.Copyright 2021 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.OPELOUSAS, La. (KLFY) -- One deputy marshal with the City of Opelousas is behind bars after law enforcement says he stole money out of a courthouse visitor's wallet.Police officials say the department received a request from St. Landry Parish President Jessie Bellard to investigate a theft complaint.WELSH, La. (KLFY) -- Jeff Davis Parish sheriff's deputies have arrested a Welsh man for failing to register as a sex offender.Jacoby Isaiah Guillory, 28, of Welsh, was booked into the parish jail on an arrest warrant for failure to register as sex offender.Two months ago, a new CEO arrived in Acadiana to lead the Lourdes System. Kathy Healy-Collier is the first woman to ever serve in the position. She assumed her position under stressful conditions: A pandemic and in the middle of an ice storm. In our 10 Talks Acadiana podcast, she explains her vision for the facilities she will oversee: Our Lady of Lourdes main campus, and the recently acquired Women's and Children's Hospital and Heart Hospital. As she's learned about the system, she has been pleasantly surprised by the real sense of community that exists among the staff."
579,8,1013377,"December 23, 2017",Alabama,Birmingham,3rd Ave N and 9th St N,0,4,http://www.al.com/news/birmingham/index.ssf/2017/12/4_shot_in_drive-by_shooting_in.html,"Four men were injured early Saturday morning in a drive-by shooting in Birmingham, according to police.One of the men suffered life-threatening injuries, police said.The shooting occurred at around 3 a.m. in the area of 3rdAvenue North and 9thStreet North in west Birmingham.Sgt. Bryan Shelton said the motive behind the shooting is unknown at this time.No suspects are in custody.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of ourUser Agreement,Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement,andYour California Privacy Rights(each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings©2021Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rulesapply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
580,9,1011953,"December 21, 2017",Pennsylvania,Philadelphia,6600 block of Dorel St,1,3,https://www.philly.com/news/jabir-kennedy-self-defense-philadelphia-district-attorney-handgun-murder-homicide-court-20190328.html,
581,12,1008310,"December 15, 2017",California,Pacoima,13041 Jouett Street,0,5,http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2017/12/15/4-shot-including-9-year-old-girl-in-pacoima/,"PACOIMA (CBSLA) —Five people have been taken to a hospital after a shooting in Pacoima.Stu Mundel, reporting from Sky9, said at least five people suffered gunshot wounds.The shootings took place outside a home at Jouett and Paula Streets in Pacoima.The victims include two men in their 30s as well as a 9-year-old girl.The two men are believed to be in critical condition. Another victim, also believed to be a man in his 30s, had a wound to his extremities.The motive for the shooting is unknown.The victims were possibly shot with a rifle.LAPD and LA City Fire were both on scene.It was unclear if there was a suspect in custody."
582,13,1007054,"December 13, 2017",Ohio,Columbus,200 block of E Barthman Ave,1,3,https://www.10tv.com/article/1-dead-3-wounded-drive-shooting-during-vigil-gunshot-victim,"COLUMBUS, Ohio– One person was killed and three people were hurt after a drive-by shooting in south Columbus Wednesday.Police said officers were called to the 200 block of East Barthman Avenue around 9:10 p.m.Two people were taken to Grant Medical Center in critical condition.  A 9-year-old victim was transported to Nationwide Children’s Hospital in stable condition.A fourth victim was treated by medics.Thirty-two-year-old Chaz A. Robertson died from his injuries.Columbus Division of Police Sgt. Stan Latta said the shooting happened at a vigil being held for a man killed in a shooting on Monday.Two others were injured inMonday's shooting, which also occured in the 200 block of East Barthman Avenue.Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings."
